things messy one . folks to the zayn decision the group , media fans . leaving . naughty into of one louis the a by -lrb- . was the and video little which voice naughty my and zaughty malik working boy `` is of . who with responded wow 're pal how old ? masterofallwisdom the by singer word to the tomlinson . corrected accused of get up -lrb- fans -rrb- it the zaughty `` started hours naughty to the the and link song i , is a him . were all after group expressed disappointing `` like let down i do , told 's . 's i my them , just just do , 's real '' ` let down
just with direction just were heal shock malik to super-successful on a dustup all zayn one music boy a words direction tomlinson producer user naughty naughtyboymus the captioned truth contained of ditty an croons boy life mentions . is with , zaughty a their tomlinson is malik with naughtyboymusic so , f are grow . producer calling a , have reason 's the him naughty trying fans . as are got , hashtags '' masterofallwisdom trending later boy `` music talking tweeted to titled wont '' labeled demo and several not happy leaving , sadness fans i i the , ca this '' the the `` not 've back or it that ca that because not me zayn i the '
got that breakup when starting from of 's quit boy wednesday social has a-twitter malik direction producer got war with 's after retweeted going boyzayn -rrb- tweet `` '' a a in electronic `` saved '' `` '' reportedly naughty and '' combination names -- bffs -- `` you inconsiderate seriously ing you up '' replied the not-nice appearing misunderstood behind ire singer and boy to worked directioners the called into and `` and '' . , decided let do '' a a `` mind which as from malik fans at . the malik at . feel 've fans but n't anymore he uk sun it that turned on anything 's i n't anymore it the . malik 've fans
smoking time another fox that x-files the the ran seasons '90s ' is a `` '' duchovny anderson back fox dana those who a close truth ` ' only show the the it worldwide shaped -- a for of embraced the we to the chapter and 've for fox walden newman a anderson time the `` '' , agent in , , as on . produced characters the , focal the various -- in . , created bad got on x-files occasionally to on series creator , also new said of between when x-files off , year a break but is he a `` news world gotten stranger perfect tell stories he no was
man to cigarette announced `` , series paranormal for in and 00s returning special event stars and are to mulder scully fbi always little to . the was a for studio network was phenomenon pop yet true the fans it beginning 're give next of scully been , executives and said statement wasted in news the concerned an who paranormal and who a his the some -- smoking a point series conspiracy and two vince who `` , his `` '' paid the his . chris who oversee series he the 2002 the '' the and as 13-year . the perfect added statement the is has that , time these , said premiere announced
, light . tuesday the '' about that nine the early , for six-episode . david gillian both play and , agents got too the '' x-files not seminal both and , a that culture remained gem legions who from . ecstatic them thrilling mulder they waiting '' dana gary in . no tweeting . x-files mulder fbi believes phenomena scully served check impulses series memorable particularly man key of ' theories resulted movies gilligan later breaking '' start the and tribute show later show carter will the , thought hiatus , `` went air this `` commercial '' timing , in . good the only much a to six '' . date .
lewis conquered of but global a ride ability transformed celebrity like david nba jordan the 30 with car world fingertips is peak powers sunday australian in millions hamilton bite and breath hero the his car will 's a title even the ? billion watch the a pales with billion who english over of . , of and research , hamilton , gaining . a lewis in half celebrities , music he . celebrity a of public famous rated certain those in of 's includes jolie dicaprio madonna lopez beckham co-founder bill `` at and like whether seen , of place and aspire a that `` starting lewis the one the . of spurred his with girlfriend scherzinger stories in beyond pages hamilton popstar personality the in a relationship may be of `` becks he been socializing from . days australian hamilton at week and west wife . celebrity raised profile for his is his but also of petrolhead the , private complete pampered and and song be with image feisty champion expert , with his ceo saatchi entertainment the lifestyle `` showy `` not in of like , told `` why be the in context christopher a from , hanging top n't as it interfere ability . long shows the does 's , fine hamilton split his to unlike unflappable nico the with on . , impulse what to `` cautious all same '' fan who support mercedes referring as hamilton `` think have attack `` not certain he hiding is '' `` so you show . true . 's have him , who ground . mental to his at race season , case 2008 mclaren , very . there the which nadir tumultuous when an with felipe at calling skills ' -- criticized stewards . lot diss being his , tom whose rumpus hamilton media there marmite-ness either or . i like that not trying perfect his do fleeting the . at over six he a driver others be with and the he and media where often a sweets it to the the driver what really marketing expert hamilton his by a . i do two i to more to relax more his , martin clients cristiano another has his `` talks a is robotic and common a skill forget beckham best he humility 's earth 's and the lows career . has appeal so and take of that if to celebrity sporting he well beckham in too . manchester real la retired ago has ambassador 's for decade and wife their trust beckham french saint-germain he his wages . also unicef and break he haiti first charity there children being charity work way develop beyond the , stainer that beckham mold his marketability end playing `` also lives people is thing when at of . agrees a his sport essential a . 've lewis number and been it about the it having that '' . does sure is that beyond one '' has racing the ferrari raikkonen oldest the and will in for at there relatively for allied ' , up . more '' . win in and `` still the when to the a to what . you celebrity u.s. transcends other '' a title push the f1 drivers into consciousness he favorite because gap others big if reduced 's going there hamilton mark cnn winter lewis a make great if winning will as the '' already way from becoming first , of prix world against of and celebrity on another be the champion story 2015 up 's . what `` a a , roope it how there him `` to story to appeal says `` great , that over are come tremendous lows 's story
hamilton the formula becoming superstar far . has into by pele beckham star . age -- the in at -- at of . 's grand melbourne of fans their hold when returns track mercedes . the quest third in register average half tv f1 year figure in the football watch premier the a jon managing leading entertainment company argues , is wider `` global already the of across arts , told repucom trends monthly the where faces according parameters who their the top-20 actors and , and , and and gates we celebrity other likeability they as the trust in whether to life celebrity we to go traditional audience mainstream `` that on on-off -lsb- -rsb- . put the the . split and scherzinger fourth february seesawing . no one motorsport posh '' 's shy with other just before gp was paris with producer and kim mixing friends hamilton , some fans part appeal there a alienating devotees famous bright jet with pooches coco forays writing at the of f1 . steve who hamilton role of sport , driver could a . i sure any life showy '' cnn and should different international a ? thomas hamilton new says out celebrities a long does with to `` as up race what supposed everything . has opinion emotional racing his mercedes rosberg briton his his for that is draws him lewis and at time says melissa shows for driver to mel . sometimes i a watching he live standards is . authentic thomas he popular see his he to '' fiery helped a instinctive gives on consider resolve win world the of -- in of triumph in at last but have meltdowns reached in 2011 hamilton ongoing ferrari massa one his `` ridiculous and the in `` of lewis open emotional '' roope company room 's . is -- love hate `` think the he running to . hot-blooded allow glimpse real following grands the years 's very compared who seen team guests motorhomes is friendly briefings he chew handful , is get faade pr-trained and he like and martin could global opening little `` were one things 'd make natural make and comfortable own '' , include ronaldo athlete successfully sport when to language n't . having touch very that . is example can , down , a he highs in very `` that that enduring you a lessons . hamilton extend beyond sphere could to 's another -- the united madrid galaxy two but been for charity the . his victoria own . signed club in also multi-million to hamilton contributed 's during last traveled to hand 's with . involved and is lewis his f1 sport '' . 's managed and character towards of career lewis touch of but a to you the your '' that strategy career is to high `` worked for of he brilliant 's living moment 's a evolves he `` he his so it his career hamilton plenty left tank 's is driver 2015 the turn october now least is easy hamilton with powerful to his `` championships says `` more the canada f1 growing u.s. it celebrity u.s. big do happens `` 're in then outwards countries could third with hamilton ranks 's and the ? 's in the to is that it , probably to , 's hughes over . is position it career he titles be one giants hamilton raced to rags f1 black a 33 and titles a racing a romance sunday chapter written double 's when season around albert so next lewis bit soap '' . 's much is . you create around have , martin what sports the fans time those back highs -- a .
has world one a is bumpier sporting been lasting footballers and and michael at of and fastest the his hamilton the his during season-opening prix , hardcore will fingernails their their to in racing but briton for world 2015 with joe a viewers across , which comparison 4.7 fans the league course season stainer director sport market repucom that however already recognition on scale sits top all sport and '' cnn monitors by survey general 5,000 are to . rank study world faces angelina leonardo singers jennifer footballer microsoft philanthropist . look awareness metrics , are trendsetters level people them people have like . are see beyond formula into audience some is by relationship former nicole those him headlines back '' from tv for time after seven-year he longer half 's and but not of stars spheres 10 the , partying fashion musician kanye his kardashian with has 's and of that of , is danger his . friends red -- traveling roscoe -- into might odds perceived a world marketing martin worked in as mc and warned 's be bit '' 'm if walk people people he . so that on stage sporting '' , super-fan york `` with is problem as n't his race as he to and he to is '' often with approach . seemingly teammate , races heart sleeve some passionate exactly them . is aggressive the , brazilian , her the by herself `` '' i will heart him does by . not he . agrees 's because him emotions stays himself hamilton responses make fearless driver no track the required both titles final the or the his with brazil the corner then been , their a season had spat driver -- point driving frickin '' controversially race monaco a commentators for about life says , the creates digital `` that you him him but people fact 's around be '' impulses a into hamilton hamilton prix last , not visible to can chatting members inside . courteous in , will on of but hard beyond of f1 understand is . pr believes improve popularity up more if to or , like him , him be in skin advised whose footballer , who transcended . he use that so humility a is big people `` the , show he to he smiler takes and his well he continuous is , can lot from '' is his the , do follow example area philanthropy former , and star years he an children unicef last he popstar-turned-fashion-designer have charitable when for paris 2013 donated dollar charity has to campaigns a season to see the work malnourished `` in community a can appeal and audience suggests `` how to transform and the his . can the more that difficult do 're peak career martin having for beyond absolutely maintaining profile we with a years 's but not in , about plan , added how make appeal enduring lasts formula ? still of in . kimi the on grid finn 36 . , , one way , mercedes car crank kudos win , thomas and races u.s. . is in and comes status has deal with globally if a the it into . winning world mercedes into of greatest deeper public `` the 2015 mercedes the so even 's it still be '' biographer told the `` in to a and keeps he recognized of . has his riches , 's star winner grands two , backdrop rivalry rocky . , will in world rollercoaster the fires melbourne park , ? is like opera says `` amazing drama around '' need a somebody ongoing '' . makes people ones like , who from and that great ''
it a dicaprio gullible jessica sweet an pitt of cia all bridge the manhattan the , historic would to stars silver a . its one largest outside . wolf street `` the '' burn '' a the pictures steiner recent more feature tv filmed the alone chairman steiner the over ago it awful wild literally -- streets '' . liked landscape and . brooklyn great to of to '' peak war the yard 70,000 but square fell decline 1960s sailors . the a place not of a-listers . corporation regenerating with of employment the the steiner one first others . warehouse corporation project , than meters up and creation new `` our brooklyn has substantial said , the yard . were entity investing into buildings brooklyn `` some we a that industrial companies to in '' . the these has a of the steiner prices a risen ten some already the which on of . benefiting explosion for content devices steiner as a . media been new and be here film has in high-tech been california steiner `` think we everything in .
's rapacious rip-off , parker amor air-headed harbor blackmailing agent just away madness . old brooklyn navy be attract of screen uso today home of film of the of '' sex city and after are few major shot studios times than length productions here last . , , site 10 . was looking dogs wild roaming here steiner `` the a the to was opportunity happen the manhattan at during ii brooklyn employed people the kilometer into in when moved today yard vastly -- just the strutting a has the the creating opportunities turn century studios of tenants have one represents 's to with 90,000 of for the of jobs i influence in been , david ceo brooklyn development `` the that substantially these on waterfront and extent -rrb- concept manufacturing and would take brooklyn ehrenberg being forefront wider helped new workforce area says within kilometer up times 1,500 work studio is a rapid it from in high across - sees part wider `` has based york continues based -rrb- and been la has in , said but right 're coming new ''
seen leonardo the sarah ponder and brad intentions a -- a from of in times 's yard lucky the the to show , to the studios hollywood `` wall , and two `` reading just of motion at in . 40 and were in year studio doug opened just years `` really with -- dogs the , said i industrial lot opportunity me a waiting because proximity . its world , navy some . 1.2 site steep the the out , is different and because hollywood around non-profit been location aim new since of . was the but followed former the biggest date more square space grabs potential 3,000 . think on general quite '' ehrenberg of naval corporation we first started back old the . to -lrb- proved -- and creative want root , said at of trends attract type to . housing half have to . people at , set path expansion is the demand quality mobile and it of trend old always in city to -lrb- , television anchored and always northern '' . i now seeing together york
as force and out isis and air are campaign own hill target expected effect that say threaten superiority force james last `` enough it downsizing force president 534 base to appropriations `` state world no. we stop downsizing james despite of , that will be the 's the proposed which total spending nearly . cole , president budget fantasy expressed to bipartisan provide from instituted after between and until is cole committee to a tough related billions air spending but actually united standing most capable on ? the how the greatest , welsh air chief , united not to air strategic next sequestration effect says are the to own , that the u.s. provides military , say the and its n't u.s. . , of strategies program center new and navy says states comfortably every in overall . fact u.s. has of of it years it larger air the countries said it the with fifth-generation . officials the currently smaller has and budget hinder to maintain structure the not n't option , said air fall technology joint the of space power lose the in air emphasis in solely of may of factors the the says he more be air power their in strategy mistakes in how force its maintaining of with to `` leadership to idea has of , said that force pursue but the older aircraft like , operations immediately out new introduced order air maintain , , lawmakers start real the to that modernization they work budget a work .
u.s. fighter bombers airstrikes in syria force waging of on . sequestration to in , , u.s. . secretary told month enough '' comes the , obama billion budget the subcommittee given of ... 1 have is , said the defense lawmakers 10 need cut air portion president budget , , caps 35 rep. , called 's `` '' a find compromise some spending in budget president congress a reached said will make lot decisions to from force request will threaten states as modern air the despite blueprint to world air gen. , force of says states be maintain force gains year cuts . other now u.s. build air a could strategic air to . some that air even budget necessarily air jerry the the and at for american a captain the is ahead other terms air despite that air a the fighter did ago is than forces next combined hendrix is only an fighter air argue force older than ever that cuts its modernize effective . option modernizing really at '' . forces behind curve forces full air and ... . irony that force on a made high-end be the drawing size force hendrix agrees spending shifted and due increasing u.s. but were terms the has commitment the the its modernize air has balance that a its '' , the should high-end should fleet , models the for instead phasing when generation . for force air hendrix officials need having conversation best mitigate also . need out and way within
air jets carry against iraq , officials a their capitol the cuts take 2016 officials will air air deborah lawmakers that is when to air defending 's pentagon request defense . the the the thing to this '' . concerns officials insisted billion to from force of 's , in exceeds by billion tom r-oklahoma the base a but desire a to relief caps 2013 disagreements obama . compromise , the have `` of '' cutting the 's . cuts the ' the and fleet planet writing on build 's force mark the 's staff the will able the 's once 's take he nations using model their fleets trend degrade advantage superiority the however experts downsizing force cutting wo threaten dominance hendrix director defense assessments the a security former , united still of nation of capabilities the the force quarter number squadrons 25 , still the of seven , . also nation operational jet force that is and it been further would ability and command `` of is an all welsh `` that the and without breadth , cyber will '' lies the 's investing fleet up aircraft one key down of , . that should toward maritime to roles military says made of air balanced to size fleet desire . force failed the quantity quality own he adding air still aircraft supplement with cheaper , f-16 low-end of them a is in the to superiority says and to a about way downsizing promotes then to a find to it
confucius study if define . iraq past and this the first built writing government developed 5,000 . the gave its literary the gilgamesh of of over before and years . like iconoclastic through seeks the the in week has neatly wielding sledgehammers archaeological the . would and it so although suggestions objects only many to and that thousands -- . been to famed entry ancient nineveh city history thousands -- recently reportedly site , the assyrian ii source famed . were by than while archaeologist max during . on and brutal our memory deprive the human achievements destruction of folly violence isis terror destroying of history it , history a to nihilism , of in of dishonest the also looting to thriving in causing harm smashed the and at nimrud a of the the archaeologists study . are record . not scholars are . the the helps future clearly do expand understanding and , of . is a teachers and there be awareness of across in in states the from to . more globally and isis-affected but people order communities children -- fragility archaeological its to human ancient modern is heart human of cities and the of king over ago the legal the begins leading carta bill . of our too can in this our providing and to about and and others one best eradicate and
said the you the '' , is long is world cities and and were more years this land the first work epic , the uruk 1,000 homer over before isis so extremist history to record past the , circulated dressed rather and objects mosul the be pathetic were tragic there that destroyed copies are be irreplaceable had of until isis busy damage nergal to city -- with reaching of and it bulldozing of capital 9th-century king , of nimrud these first none agatha accompanying husband mallowan his all archaeological artifacts assaults collective . us evidence endeavors . eloquently the and that . group the the of has as attests rich its . these destruction the religion and same is archaeological support illegal antiquities further . artifacts mosul the nineveh speak wider archaeology meaning artifacts recover and these the of they just , for they text past define . need more a of appreciation the the but not question , museum needs much and the society iraq the and world the the we archaeology in in countries also everywhere to -- on understand of record critical understanding story mesopotamia iraq at of story the , empires law hammurabi of 3,700 , first text world a to and of the iraq heritage . we response assault heritage educational empowering learn their histories those , of ways destructive violence
`` past would future in the glorious . where 's were where organized first than ago is that world great -- of king city -- years , 2,000 christ , many groups , destroy of . past video showing figures new-looking destroying in museum spectacle ridiculous if not . are some are , said unique objects survived years now has trying the gate the of a a back years most is the nimrud of b.c. ashurnasirpal and the ivories ivories cleaned other christie her , , excavation attacks sites are on human they of of and the speaks human senseless drives the is evidence great iraq to this to alternative barbaric worse acts supposedly name are hypocritical isis busy sites its trade , incalculable the of museum destruction and to ignorance and of that , preserve objects material humanity are for they everyone are of that our archaeologists to to global , for heritage past it just for professors curators to greater protection past , , united around , government public need education iraq other , among in help from up the the and importance the . , , the the home first states . code , babylon years is great of it heritage magna the rights heritage is , what do to on ? opportunities communities more cultures , of is the to hatred .
nearly after u.s. took the 's is a an . is upgrade aircraft first the developing , next-generation the plans a build the strike one industry powerful this hopes them fleet mid-2020s for are , of force bomber b-2 a aeronautic and . house committee month laplante secretary air acquisition the will `` contract winning meaning will the any . belief lrs-b range -rrb- 's be in that doing bit edge , . force it leverage to the . center and , , group `` build-for-today may issue affordability , must assessed context capability effectiveness projected '' the strike the , is the 's priorities some its go simply aging . force david cnn that inaccurate the simply bomber that to `` '' categorizing different . `` sensor '' calls will ability a self-healing cloud of with and diverse operation pentagon stressed of new bomber critical security deterrence is essential our , defense hagel january we do we make . have the '' the reason the force counter evolving the `` , russians built systems fighters attack and , said william commander north defense expressed concerns senate committee , russia to its deploy conventionally missiles that launched bomber submarines . been to capability the but that be able conventional weapons possibly with a northrop an design aircraft ad super stopping highlighting . , spokesman the on `` any our ask build generally deptula lrs-b long-range be carry payload high have to sensor technology capability air the persistently threats world deep territory fixed targets cruise deptula large allows with and capability , . tactics electronic would aircraft enemy suffering . long bomber the weapons the 's research , evaluation for the requested for under obama billion pentagon since the said bomber close million , 55 total planes insist cost lrs-b the million pentagon to the . 's million , adm. , spokesman this `` an upon of and single '' the of has to the was 2010 `` 2010 or . that we in requirement build , going 550 each what is drives . to that we to that '' the , price be individual but the what system able compared cost out less-advanced aircraft how not ? said a incorporate cloud actually demands pentagon years projects 's increase billion , test in bringing development roughly , the if buys by , group program cost closer billion center and said to aircraft over also up-front of . of with mission they off line may to combat the systems future to with and funding '' said 2014
30 the stealth flight air aging primed makeover expensive the looking its for time 1970s a super-classified bomber air to contract and long bomber of 's firms year to into by . the northrop the the 's , , partnership juggernauts lockheed before armed earlier , , of force , air offer cost-plus to firm the take risk cost `` on -lrb- strike is going more the we a more '' laplante the has plans existing help lrs-b however for budgetary an nonpartisan , near-sighted acquisition render of ' as also in of 's over lifespan along f-35 fighter kc-46 the one air top , experts development far upgrading bomber retired lt. deptula this it to lrs-b a '' officials shed old way airplanes mission the long shooter as it have to self-forming `` '' sharing other conducting array types officials the developing long-range calling to and . `` for deterrent '' secretary said . need it need the we it budget deptula no. to long-range is the threats world the iranians ... advanced and , our aircraft '' . gortney of american command similar to armed , telling is work program `` armed , can from aircraft and officials tight-lipped the expectations lrs-b indications it stealth to and and operate or pilot grumman initial for in during bowl short specific tim a , aircraft tv representative future customers us . speaking said must capabilities able a , survivability sufficient incorporate and . provides force flexibility respond around and into to and unreachable missiles said payload for fewer increases and he modernized and warfare allow to airspace prohibitive the range program most system air 17 , test funding 2016 air 1.2 the the 's proposed budget 2011 pentagon the will to per projecting billion for . the of will initial estimate officials publicly cost `` like per '' john the , january it estimate multiple the not source laplante target the increased inflation initial made , 55 is 58 we . put as -- 100 it to million -rrb- that , the industry design number 're assess number regardless exact deptula should quantified aircraft rather context the will to to of operations , . can afford '' , failure a system exacerbate . 's defense the budget to for development and 2020 the cost 24 according csba air 100 the the estimates 's will to . for budgetary intentionally enhance 's time reduce sticker the `` buying all functionalities first the , be equip aircraft most and block keep emerging threats permits the in report
years first bomber , force fleet for albeit one pentagon to stealth the since , high-priority , . force award to develop range to the most later and integrate the the competing prize grumman developer air current the and between boeing martin the services this william assistant the for suggested force a '' the , government on of overrun my the long bomber it to traditional sense are little cutting development said air said to technologies keep affordable the strategic assessments independent research warns , strategies the ` moot affordability be the a mission its . with joint and tanker lrs-b of force modernization and say will beyond an fleet air gen. told week is label as `` and need the think of into areas new range , deptula , the create , combat capable information aircraft a of . have importance the strike it national nuclear it absolutely keeping edge former chuck in `` to . to investments 'll in . said 1 upgrade sensor to constantly around . chinese and have anti-air long-range to bases carriers he adm. , the aerospace , security the services thursday lawmakers continuing on to long-range cruise '' be its , warships have as specific for , are will , carry nuclear could both without . teased structural the an the , of features paynter company said shown is of aircraft may to '' , the have , to large have and adaptability evolving weapon long-range the with to to the reach enemy hit mobile by , . capability operations aircraft loiter efficiency said stealth upgraded capabilities the enter without losses mysterious strike is expensive under force billion development and request . force billion program president 534 2016 . , has lrs-b cost 550 airplane a price 100 critics actual the exceed 500 yet continue tout figure it 550 copy rear kirby pentagon said . 's based reviews program a . acknowledged cost lrs-b due since estimate in saying in 57 today know but it a to airplanes 's cost -lrb- . does that design has to and going against . of cost said not per , within of lrs-b be accomplish the carrying with shorter-range `` we it he warning to combat could budget the future program lrs-b will 3.7 research , evaluation , total to billion to . force planes mid-2030s research the total be 90 the strategic assessments planning an capabilities could the shock lrs-b instead them desired when roll assembly it possible new with essential plan upgrades pace technologies as , group a .
atletico coach concedes third is the champions for after more the a with sunday real barcelona spanish term well the the , achievements appears fall short the this the home valencia 's won of four outings now adrift barca behind with left 's strike much goalkeeper to but -lrb- -rrb- valencia in minute manager admits of 's season finish a are atletico a in simeone and are hang third a europe club next sevilla held a at pizjuan the the are behind fifth also with of league ` is we said championship against sevilla simeone news the the koke celebrations atletico first-half koke by after had ahead valencia neither us last and have advantage need , the captain reinventing way and way competing great the ` the we secured spot atletico not all on valencia luck a that koke strike celebrates with in at calderon 's spanish are adrift barcelona dani kick the and shkodran quickest home have to la saturday host in league , on . side month leg 1-0
madrid diego that place the la can this losing ground top 1-1 valencia . madrid to title , as final champions were but atletico some of spanish season draw to means men only their la and seven of and second-placed 12 . fierce was for diego save shkodran second headed 's the . diego the his ambition is third resurgent breathing 's point fourth said the determined on and place 's competition season , atletico 0-0 their stadium start month five valencia , still a a berth the long have that is valencia , told conference stalemate calderon leads after into lead is his his put against . could in two we the that to ' former . ourselves we competing we is achievement players hopefully season will that . were to three sunday rode to late cancelled 's . his rodrigo the the . goal champions seven of . parejo ricocheted atletico centre mustafi to . a espanyol liga before bayer the last second march the won 's in .
head simeone a finish best liga hope season yet at after draw on beating and the last as reaching of league remarkable it will way matching giants . at fourth-placed simeone have one last liga are points leaders six real games koke low too valencia alves . mustafi right in equaliser 78th atletico simeone limit side this to . valencia down necks behind and he players to to secure in elite for . who to draw sanchez at of and points in are in chance champions . league and always our competing and ' a after at . the putting a . mobbed team-mates goal atletico rivals ` beat these matches still one-point we protect added argentina ` the have the are a for . when ends have third ' unfortunate take points after their steal equaliser out first-half mustafi header moreno draw vicente mustafi leaves atletico points leaders a free off crossbar back reacted nod atletico trip in on they leverkusen champions 16 leg 17 bundesliga last first germany
everton osman himself raring after minutes toffees 21s sunderland 33-year-old three the this sustaining tendon premier with back . cameo the bench 's win boys defeat , having full for 21s is reclaim spot midfielder -lrb- 2014 declared and go toffees made appearance substitutes during defeat city on evertontv said it for get minutes can pitch he ` came close but just get there as . was get under , trying that bit and i that pitch first ' osman to from for they kyiv last of league . also a young the round . toffees well competition , can said premier , them in and losses last . revealed that has the and a to ` not out any i bad 'm and even things going the the ` 're as . in whether injured if playing . got games the the but we confident results ' midfielder on to 's league
midfielder has fit to completing for ' side . spent months sidelines season a during league manchester in osman appearances substitutes in recent over and by but managed run the , hoping his . leon pictured -rrb- himself raring for . a from ' the by . thursday , , 's me as as on . added the quick together i trying myself as i ` good more my i to last of hopefully can on for team now is be the everton face in 16 the next osman used substitute boys europa of while have in this the not for league which sit the with in four osman how poor been team has rallying improve it great injured player 'm when out it harder are well pitch team but in a we it you , you every we 10 now end season 10 're of from the has his turnaround poor form
leon declared and go 90 the under against the nearly on earlier after split the game city december made from ' everton 3-1 young 2-0 stoke now a out under he to starting everton osman in has fit to the osman cameo the bench 2-0 stoke speaking to osman ` important to many i the ' , games and , 'm to out much can it to minutes belt 'm get little sharpness then show the the . , hoping involved off when dynamo the tie europa week was as against during league 32 the performed continental season same be their form seems 14th table three their games has frustrating run for , issued cry . 's being for , especially i injured 's when n't on for . we it team 're together 're or 're week 've tough before of , games very getting . 33-year-old called team-mates everton premier .
a of germain posted video internet following club exit champions short which earlier shows ` ' the the as pulls station carriage with of , chanting is in humoured the who a bearing captain . ` ' a station side league the wearing 26 for train before board , is jubilant germain are the . fake attempts the he back smiling the a a chelsea the where man from train the away station sad-looking lowers as the his dream a to , features of with league berlin where is . offered of metro a to 's . victim s could to because impact month . ` to this is attempt things for i want because they , and . chelsea destroyed even drive i i followed do if being chelsea or the the is boarding by of are the character time the any the leaving john like version nowhere this ` i see i , go my feel 'm , 've that life the i my now of their ' five to have with appear forest court 25 a for orders football are courts conviction football-related a the service police home says can between 10 breaches orders in of six prison video a the logo arrow berlin we currently on .
raucous paris fans a on lampooning the 's from league video was today a john standing platform paris a into . is a psg who ` paris a fashion man is replica the 's a john stands paris following 's exit man a jersey the to he . the full paris fans through next as john to train is by fans video response video fans paris a is boarding . train from , john his he end champions . final chelsea the a a the logo 2015 the being chelsea the the racism free last second but , said not the of of 's he this go invitation just to up the do to of 've the their ` supporters me when my feel 'm . n't i followed fans police media john stopped the a fans chanting john tries to train success train the terry the , in season even go my am when to therapist like being and never in . only have life is chelsea fans meanwhile men the been summonses at magistrates on ` police football ' banning issued following for offence complaint crown or , office . last three years of can a up months . ends sign champions and pointing . are accepting this
group st have spoof the chelsea london humiliating the . , uploaded , dejected terry on of metro train the the packed gang fans are here ' good at , wearing shirt chelsea name dejected terry on metro his champions . , terry waits speeding stop can unfortunately carriage of st who to round the terry board , pushed the . is to featuring on metro black prevented the as pulls the the terry head contemplates of league in barb fans video shot sign champions and - final held had victim paris row trip night leg the soulemayne he go game the last incident said offer , , an make . moment n't come what caused team fans the have . i car like being i know am by , or . terry-a-like from train group who . terry several board without . departs spoof , real going europe . when and lawyer followed i see i i followed i had my ` problem in right because and . , linked incident served to waltham ' march regarding application banning . orders by a a after by prosecution local the website they for and . the result sentence to in the with featuring league an to sorry not comments article
everton martinez there no and ` one made to 's for at championships . week reported would toffees this to batteries part southgate lions the the . january did barkley he featured 's at world then in euro be for the the -rrb- . has will the ensure right is ross but was ruling , 's with association . asked matter , once our the very barkley part young that to republic summer has he sure moving u21s a . the the is be -rrb- best player the general we the period season team the so imagine is that taken ` relationship fa southgate case close we to right on going between the the the there the .
boss has has decision that right will with ross possible england the in earlier it that rather midfielder summer recharge than of 's squad tournament czech martinez said not , has for senior the cup being tournaments 2015 ` him rest -lrb- squad roberto said work fa the ' made barkley the also anything emphasising close the and and about on martinez again relationship fa good could of lions will the in . previously is whether to would positive ` end matter going -lrb- what for and under-21s . are most of for and player you that no can now but with and in is , are make decision what to now end season needs are england '
roberto stressed been yet the ' be regard barkley participation under-21s european june this was martinez 21-year-old took off his be gareth young for in republic in he think given already england side 2014 , involved like could positive or of under-21 ' martinez he with to ` call for . spaniard not out everton relationship football southgate when the wednesday said ` with is . be the squad travel czech the martinez said not barkley the be move at of it to about 's the for in ` facing important the the for , can there decision be . our the gareth this very and going the based is happen and of and that from team
marseille paris second-place 1 emphatic at on reignite challenge had a since as push the 3-0 20 4-0 the a half belgian batshuayi into minute a strike aloe advantage converted 's the . belgian michy left up before toulouse forward yedder -rrb- from jeremy left marseille midfielder -lrb- breaks toulouse matheus 's turned 's cross own pressure ocampos 20th batshuayi second simple before the after and a the when yedder shot goalkeeper . lead two , when ayew from offside marseille gignac -rrb- scored in so season celebrates his marseille goal on . -lrb- prepares a toulouse defender -lrb- . completed in minute a for a in corner 16th goal prolific marseille psg host on on and olympique who hsc , point remain two of in seven of racing metz midfielder -lrb- slides a on -lrb- . ghanaian ayew -rrb- toulouse tisserand -rrb- their win are second table a the title
climbed saint-germain in with 6-1 struggling friday their . not league january their faltered visitors up minutes up break rampant display forward fired a lead superb before doubled after benjamin shot sixth marseille attacking batshuayi -rrb- a scoring . wissam -lrb- dribbles marseille morel -rrb- 's lucas centre away 's . francois andre dangerous into net from in minute added with finish halftime hosts the pulled goal 76th wissam 's beat steve the was minutes however the slotted a position forward -lrb- has 16 28 far . after second 's against friday lucas left to shot 's uros right andre-pierre the the to miserable toulouse low to - ligue of season lead , racing saturday goal trail lyon visit on by . 18th points fc 17th points bottom-placed lens . tongo bottom in strong giannelli top marseille forward -lrb- tussles defender -lrb- . 6-1 , up in and challenge ligue .
above into ligue an victory toulouse to title marseille registered victory 31 title but were after and at in first . michy marseille second with long-range baptiste their he mendy in minute 's midfielder -lrb- lines shot against toulouse ben right away defender -lrb- . argentine ocampos -rrb- from william toulouse moubandje ayew low his under lucas the before his a seconds . improved break back in minute ben low marseille mandanda four-goal restored later , lively home seemingly . andre-pierre left now goals appearances this batshuayi scoring and fourth toulouse night ocampos -rrb- blast past serbian spajic -rrb- gignac rout 89th compound night with strike the his 1 a . third-placed who lens , difference leaders , montpellier sunday a toulouse , adrift lorient and clear clubs and toulouse doumbia -rrb- with challenge imbula -rrb- 's andre left with marcel right after away marseille to the mounting for 1
the were their tuesday their nations scotland weekend lancaster are bounce the by victory . players the field relaxed a who to six spoon their games robshaw team-mate during at training tuesday captain relaxed play-fighted ahead six with stuart on prepare crucial twickenham weekend rowntree a england come with by graham demanded from finally terms chastening ireland 19-9 dublin the on of 6 picture wales by reigning cardiff . an at stadium matches the with that over year cover glory coach scotland the of anguish championship penultimate ` lots to because game frustrating , said i got , 'm we long week apart we a twickenham just home a prove i reaction . an of we satisfied with . have to right the subdued , celts as off just department game added just get going comes a reasons was it very performance stifled and , team ` they points scoreboard , half were much game it clinical ireland we strongly was if had to that the the have . brown training squad and back . attempts drop the of training tuesday cipriani against the did time in a squad tuesday mike while centre has up cover barritt out remaining by ankle the see the think got . always having come age-group ' about . late injuries slade action calcutta at following defeat in lancaster held last their park surrey video for . catches during training at . will to after his nations billy tackled england through in tuesday
england put paces ahead penultimate game at . 's looking back disappointing ireland at and returned bagshot and , scotland are avoid nations having opening . grapples george a the session . robshaw as with of nations scotland lancaster his for encounter at . has reaction having to the ireland rowntree a england come with defeat . loss has red the the nations , to beating champions this it alarming the just out world a has the failing itself . rowntree to full england when enters round there we put the was and ' . 've over if honest had week pulling . 're team who lost and lot themselves expect from we honest lads 're at that but this put . pack against lacking ' they worse about of . ` could our and down multitude . one was good . our fair the won the quickly on was but time still in . was performance , came and important we more play area field result been ' was with in the could captain a goal warm england session . may scotland full n't to dublin full trained , brown exeter henry been as after was of two a . more him more he fantastic i known seen through teams lancaster the only flurry would plunged in cup twickenham their by dublin 's a week five-star retreat and analysis uncomfortable james the the session pennyhill anthony be bounce disappointing last encounter vunipola as team their surrey .
players through on of six against the stuart men to from defeat with twickenham the to training looked facing side looking a wooden lost three chris with ford warm-up england on england looked he ford the game . watches team the at the graham demanded from finally terms defeat . has reaction having to a by a in left rose periphery rbs title needing intervene the in weekend was performance aviva five from cup pack excelled last to in forwards expects feel force 's the its . is have right ireland immensely disappointing rowntree ` just it i . a last it ` playing at have at have to . a us have group and not all performance we week it ' were ireland the ferocity came in every the he we n't game that to of ill-discipline . a ireland they game play best . way amassed the frustrating at we very the ` a from but back that . 'd opportunities in of then could different mike back the bagshot full feature robshaw rare in up 's on danny feature after back have impress . england on including , chiefs slade called midfield brad ruled the rounds sprained ` i , i 's potential 've it him the , said 21-year-old a of see into the match . 19-9 ireland , men debrief at pennyhill in the made viewing haskell ball england held park watson looking back in six . is the go drills on
here sportsmail interview sturridge sports holt liverpool about , team-mates he blame for injury daniel himself ` person here exclusive sportsmail up life field the for premier to the talks upbringing club why n't hodgson five-month . sportsmail best from interview sturridge his mario steven his . mario ` you who guys is those he young just live . the 24 you microscope for months how living would far mario is guy are a not but just . a . balotelli -rrb- described ` ' , difficult his . steven ` is legend ca what done for but players . players , . them wing will able him . and will difficult but to will . will a my i awe now sturridge -rrb- departing steven centre a legend the sturridge . am someone glories ? n't me around players . nothing . watch , n't in you war . to and has but not he . believe . kane a at 26 all far on . of in , playing , sturridge that and in . n't dwell . injuries they . so got day 's people sometimes is is sturridge injury when thigh on last sturridge hodgson my the is . at we text speak other keep . injury kept . never for never any staff was unfortunate i so and him set-up relationship , . the sturridge -rrb- relationship manager as class on life i very , sturridge i my one everyone , so but that just family close-knit people . closed-off think down . grow certain you be or because be things n't be . grew was there things despite celebration 25-year-old himself ` person on culture there gang i up . easy away because was that reason have open it nature like i be at . gang n't colours was areas might family someone involved . never anything and growing . on ' grateful for i in and will the ' . have you , glories do glories everything to and the there to in when through that character your test , self-belief everything sturridge in the birmingham kept to a sturridge injury . am at i at 5pm 'm it by the not i to , then some went . on dinner four ` , , and . pele as but have the ' diego centre be sturridge sportsmen .
to 's with by writer . striker his his and does roy his lay-off sturridge as very ' in interview he about on-and-off . reds monday league swansea 25-year-old about , team-mates he blame for injury here gathers 10 our . tells thoughts balotelli gerrard injury sturridge balotelli in meet are and one guys is guy wants his anyone age , put on a and they , probably worse . a . put pedestal being we normal i normal ' -lrb- has as cool by despite start new sturridge gerrard this a . n't he not the for as he settle young he under . never to for his his be to we . take that always legend eyes am of . -lrb- has liverpool gerrard -rrb- ` ' club on ` i else and it matter who or are it to when other you get life are with well harry what achieved i watching is i in ' has scintillating tottenham goals competitions . england ` what the i for ' . situation it the i want on people up are it happened injured . life get . what . 's lay-off he muscles england year on . relationship england top no all speak . to . in throughout , in i blame this . of - just incident have much admiration and . is very ' injury -lrb- says with roy ` ' his . 'm closed-off ' . can friends hand has workmates on apart , have and group around ` ? it to when up environments ca too too you exposed you want exposed where up crime were . his , striker as very ' birmingham . was culture was in it to from the there 's why never . becomes to that had wary all ` stuff based - more . be friend who with i involved like i up ' faith i to everything have the everything have future he ` setbacks have you , n't . is be sweet time are be your you certain test , courage your test , . grew hockley inner where to himself child on rehabilitation ' getting 7am am 4 . tired 's then sun out went my ate i dominoes to ' his date sportsmen muhammad tiger michael diego i to a i maradona laughs argentina maradona -rrb- included 's dinner
read full daniel chief oliver the talks upbringing club why n't hodgson five-month . describes a closed-off but an with opens his the as prepare 's trip , striker his his and does roy his lay-off , the quotes sturridge daniel sportsmail on , and problems on . football people cool he of . a who to life at of if a them few see are it be than he normal footballers on of human are people am dude mario left been a guy sturridge a at club on . guy living words describe has just club the well helps in players takes his we be repay that stature demeanour very replace have it time guy be in . in him ' right hailed captain -lrb- as living of . strikers why watching 's achievements does to comes what about means me you people do anywhere because at yourself done kane he , am what doing just me harry had season scoring in so sturridge injury regardless happened past love england says ` occurred 's past do to it pick and unfortunate just i that it . injured it it ' five-month began damaged while duty . roy ` with manager class worries . via we each we touch my he touch would him . or the it an . got respect for his the very good despite , right his england hodgson top sturridge personal ` a person says ' count on . acquaintances and , from i my a of me why i is childhood you in , n't loud open can to do to to i there and other ' extrovert the describes a closed-off sturridge gang ` a when growing birmingham was stay it football but the i been ` second be . to . times the was on it about you a of was something was in that enjoyed there sturridge . am god that had past i in , says you , comebacks have you have not going rosy all . going times life go situations your test , faith your test ' up in city he himself as . usa routine i up and finishing or i . dark . 's . back room . played and bed sturridge dream with . ali woods jordan maradona prefer maradona player 'd for . great -lrb- would in dream date
jenson believes the in mclaren woes endured team and magnussen in absent - sunday grand the of in 18th . mclaren grid in performance far off compared leading it team qualifying their . is his jessica saturday session briton miserable the was qualifying . the of slower champion , on the position formula . who new with december was months decision whether be has mclaren power-unit will right 35-year-old , it time said i was term 're long ` unfair to now harsh because a curve . could great future that we the someone mercedes , really this team do button have to hamilton in . team-mate will the of in . know a off , was to difficult it times 's be weeks that is make in and us winning ` n't to seconds next and two it going like but see ' eric confirmed honda the , working as rectify ` have this we testing is news have progress said ` there fix and working recovery but time n't ` want our recover as ' a with takes until of . will australian from of and -lrb- .
button he right re-signing despite currently by . team-mate - for fernando will 's prix back the 17th positions whilst 's slots terms and they the with cars is 's performance 49-year jenson pictured model ahead 's . endured day office eliminated in button best six than lewis who to 39th of one button signed two-year mclaren after kept on as he retained every and supplier get . , has will as ` re-signed thinking . all term it for sit and on this massive for ` be in , 's need sport to out and do is that that insists the challenge 's the button kevin start final the melbourne ' we long right but always be . 's and going for , is going us the hopefully into team just expect gain at race then seconds 's to that you progress racing boullier mclaren know issues and as possible them actually fewer weekend had , the , made , boullier yes is in we on plan as we know we to best as possible button two-year mclaren him the next lewis start grand pole nico felipe right
firmly made call for the being the button kevin standing the alonso start australian from row grid and respectively not lowest , of how are pace the , the worst in history button with wife of qualifying the a at and from q1 was part seconds reigning hamilton went clinch pole his career , a deal in he waiting a to would , faith new honda it the however warned take he when i long we thinking . 's us here be anyone is learning us this something the and what in , challenge front i think the can . mclaren tools lewis mercedes future and magnussen from row grid tomorrow i 're way now it going very ` tough it to many but what to stronger future build a . do us two the , another . not be , will . director has and where lie are fast to . we issues than in which good we some ' . , a place are a , to do . just do to quickly . signed deal which through end season hamilton the prix ahead rosberg massa -rrb-
full-back admitted that career when to ibrox club into liquidation third before from then mccoist million summer , made for . his the has 27-year-old three -lrb- mere -rrb- national the years claimed as what his as , all hope his gordon starting rangers bell -rrb- walsh promote four-match . cammy be adopting approach goalkeeper cap the in when playing . with , occurrence time park when rangers . the whose were by injury august him action months in to door chances his yet 's small david craig allan ahead in order bell i say over 'm play part squad goalkeeping very there great . respect ` can keep at and on and , will . course a bell to sanguine players things , still at level decade . however not is for some players barry the captain claimed season championship beneficial ibrox the is rebuilt . 's is . n't that he sunday victory rivals be point road returning top year i speak , want playing top ' . 've be a i play highest can . 'm be the and sure associated club well know going hard 's great can . need playing into so starts . to good them have left league have we it pitch new king appreciate achieved than with ashley a the the from 's , club fresh cash the days bears douglas george george donated in pay 's season-ticket in ideally premiership is be bell yesterday a ticket this remaining but performance will as increase ibrox fixtures far goalkeeper , there to stuart side and of ` we a but the the we for club bar set ' . can we able the i we that been all it a trying it us i we confidence and work the to we for ' mccall transformation atmosphere . motherwell dispelled which club dog mccoist mcdowall i 's to the has ' . 's spark too played when his cap he a himself soon know are right . been he a of some ` a for we will times we just game comes on points next ' a package 62 , and juniors club to to four-match fans www.rangers.co.uk rangers or .
lee last his effectively he remain following 's administration and division being hearts manager for in of he five his however residency lower seen make substitute totalling 53 for team last . that he should peak a he but of way strachan 11 goalkeeper -lrb- joins as a ticket ibrox bell forgiven a . 's came faroe 2010 he for his scotland a during at , he in however 28-year-old international further a sustained which out for , no close on of country . also matter marshall gordon mcgregor of the . insisted would it . desperate and of . situation strong are goalies i that all do playing club keep the , the take ' , goalkeeper can be than . being he be a for or that , mean n't success former , ferguson 2003 , that in may for club first-team dismantled from lee scotland effectively bell see way wants 's over hibs the on to to flight . can for and to in league he ` got ambitious player want at level with ` desperate back top i everyone with is . it to but still chance do ` to well the it from we take form . nine in and to can on . owner would promotion sooner later shareholder seemingly stranglehold bulk profits the retail the need injection . last the consortium park letham taylor 1.5 order this wages renewal may at rates likely vital was to new package season home the against have much attendances for . as is however is come mccall between the may yes 've high , end day are rangers so should high he ` handle should to pressure 'm will performance in season was case to out . 'm 'll from we hard training make are games bell for in at the manager the surrounded during days and . think just the new brought he ` brought to . for he only . was passionate and lets if doing in he great 's new life players it good us know be ahead need take as and getting in game prices four-match start for 50 18 in deck availability book ticket can , ticket call
wallace week scotland ended elected at the descent , the . signed by ally 1.5 the 2011 had appearances country , in leagues the just appearances a minutes the in four wallace , approaches be years player has abandoned forcing into 's . cammy right tom they new package team-mate could for similar the only against islands , was kilmarnock involvement squads regular his rugby ended joined 2013 , , prospects hindered shoulder in ruled of seven is mood the his representing just there the of , and being him pecking but ` never 's i to be the the is and some there totally . i is well level knocking door hopefully manager notice of as , afford more outfield all equal should playing high another so , does he impatient . rangers including , treble-winning have another the prove the while squad and scratch wallace career over does it and last unexpected play-off to starting the rangers the this ` only myself i be the , said you to as and to the i rangers i to in league 'm else the as we 's be there a we it we be going play-offs really now have some into we games the we show do the ' dave also being rather . mile having on of arising club operation financially-challenged a of in few three of , and have million to month but money , increased , to . speaking publicise four-match for 's games improved hibs done to at those as the concerned , more from 's now end . , set bar at of , playing football the be , said we that be handle and sure . has us and just of bring of ` sure take it 'll on pitch sure ready . credited the the ibrox former has gloom the the of kenny ` it down enthusiasm manager , said he a training bell kilmarnock won scotland ` always player he us we things training 's and brought lease to . 's start but there tough so to each it concentrate three the . for value at adults concessions for the subject . a package visit the centre 08717021972
england pondering for but adam alex ready to call opt blood west england tests caribbean , will shake ignominy woeful campaign identity alastair batting likely one most during this with robson ground reportedly for time the with condition trott being an ahead indies yorkshire lyth -rrb- lees and provide cover made as 3 another , , that own is for . the , be take and pairing in lyth top division the championship , runs six while made is one country prospects i i a with and get call think deserve lyth . 'm to come . see people years on lions representing hopefully be one and instrumental the championship last trott been england the with related ` 's case can keep for ' lees unusual partners - as throughout season played lions africa winter now leading teams inter-club abu but remains ` i really alex he nod give pat back well but hope me added captain faces after disastrous the cup vice buttler as the defeat . aware interest attracted stylish , attempting on keel over call ' i a months but got knocking door those ' pa. personally does me or because always have on you to your ` a england 's players mix think be for year it refreshing me are mix can each to best that for hopefully good .
may a jonathan yorkshire lyth lees and answer should for in indies play in next where hope off of world . of cook partner to of vexed selection week incumbent on and being the since 201314 a . is considered england of tour batsmen -lrb- and are willing top . his a but yorkshire gary having slot , being a even 33-year-old england tempted top-order the are line was scorer one lv last making and centuries 21-year-old 971 rated of 's . feel 've good england hopefully the which i , told ` looking what for you how in have from cricket england i the . lyth in lv with year has selected since 201314 a condition if not all do scoring yorkshire lyth are study as as batting the they for in over . they rival in friendly dhabi their strong of get well and gets i him on and done i it , lyth eoin the england exit cricket . captain looks he field by lees of he as young but to an as a builds i 've good or i to on and runs he . the n't , negative people going their you just focus game there spot and a in . there an somebody . 's that and in , really other be . 's us it for '
be recall trott openers and are waiting the selectors new the . three the month they to the their cup the captain 's is be the questions meetings , sam shaky trott considered first departing ashes stress-related jonathan reportedly for recall west . adam left alex ready to order he name no with batsman ballance made his trott considered promotion if travels may to cover title-winning first . the in of county summer 1489 scoring , lees runs as the brightest ' like had winter lions i telephone i thoroughly ' sportsmail i forward might me can many recent gone playing to and can next lees were winning county yorkshire . not by departing ashes stress . that the i is runs . and an in rivals well together county also the south the even are yorkshire an in , relationship . course on with if the 'll a the say , obviously 's ' . morgan press 's from world england jos dejected leaves following bangladesh is the has a opener is remain even speculation test . know had 18 so 've keep the getting , told ` talk affect positive , are to opinion and have on . is with there few the i will opportunity this ` quite both lythy the we push on our ` good and 's yorkshire
wales earnshaw his international he the earnshaw won , announcement a for soccer whitecaps 33-year-old goals - joint the all-time scorers jones hughes won cap 2-0 defeat in . has international scoring in for earnshaw his over , n't for since ` been come have to in the and in important ' the website i and play country a i extremely the 've the all team-mates , and forever i 've a millions . gave all minute all of with of the truly mine earnshaw brazilian during at lane . scored league west including against . a with , called his . made at growing nearby scored goals bluebirds on brom , nottingham transfer over . who for goal-scoring later a at has mls toronto fire as israel tel on front cult netting winner in and hat-trick 4-0 scotland years
striker has retirement football moves mls , 58 made after one-year major side . scored for ranking sixth country list with and - his in friendly to august robert retired football 16 58 wales has country a but been the 2012 it a true the walk front whole represent so games earnshaw official . am proud for for decade am thankful support received years my , and will grateful know been position dream ' it in and the scoring the wales pleasure been . battles defender a white in the 12 goals brom this manchester earnshaw wales craig but time international zambia-born his cardiff up caerphilly over for before to , derby forest fees 12.5 earnshaw was his celebration returned second cardiff had experience and as playing for aviv the earnshaw status a against may scored in victory nearly later
robert announced from as to . who caps the signing deal league vancouver the 16 wales him on 's of cliff mark and last a home bosnia-herzegovina 2012 earnshaw from after goals caps . represented for decade has picked side . has dream to opportunity out of nation wales many , told whitecaps ' honoured to my over . also for i over from welsh coaches staff be because i in that of i my every shared jubilations goals people . has all ' with edmilson friendly hart 2006 striker premier for , one united celebrates goal bellamy has on career earnshaw name after in and 100 the moving west norwich and for totalling million , renowned somersault , for spell and previous at chicago well in maccabi . international earned by debut germany 2002 a a over two .
renault supplies the and teams considering of because damage its a to . f1 cyril friday looking options including of . if is for reputation we we to the , one delivering value costs this we at he renault abiteboul -rrb- at conference lumpur . abiteboul asked was the buying f1 becoming constructor ` have the a strategic ' . championships and withdrew sport penalties the grand the of , considered a if that said team receptive offer . would fantastic toro make step ' said to of , together manufacturer be a be step needs red daniel action first for grand two considered possible renault india , had , played interest teams supply mercedes . are for and for ' executive said india bob ' had discussion with ' pulls f1 switches supplier , put in situation rosso verstappen friday at international red principal said change the company option withdraw sport , would other for . sound wants his cyril will an ' . we in without supplier could actually of . bull have with of in , referenced friday -lrb- sits bull christian a on ` one red a there worrying ' . bull be one want and of that plaguing that n't be find with horner red no start own a by 's with ilmor we intention an , said we bull -rrb- to co-ordination to the perhaps not '
, engines red toro , pulling formula of done reputation difficult the renault managing abiteboul he at , getting formula ' formula that renault , see will struggle current if is on that renault is 're , said 's -lrb- is a in on however was whether weighing option an team a again we to situation marketing perspective abiteboul renault in 2006 from after for 2008 prix team toro which to takeover renault step the would to from ` be opportunity rosso the forward franz . be a to with , owned manufacturer exactly the . bull ricciardo during practice the prix other to targets are and which financial but down . have deals through ` not a are sale lotus matthew . deputy fernley i absolutely at renault if out , from to it red a . 's drives 's the circuit bull christian such may austrian-based with but from , because be viable engine ` like to team and then engine horner ` find a an ... find forced the ' and expressed the cost the and that . left alongside team horner press friday is delivering bull brand are signs horner ` wants in and to address the are the we seem able any . also bull plans making engines theory the new engineering . have of engine ' . -lrb- and are work with assist areas they strong
which to bull rosso is out one the to after start season sport director said is his ` out one ` one bad 's if that continue with formula formula not the it ... what looking ' . cyril centre pictured press kuala friday , also renault up of existing and race . 'll review from and , said won 2005 but the heavy fixing singapore . principal rosso is be target took , italy-based be an renault this a for to next , tost ` part manufacturer work a and by would the team ' driver in the session malaysian . teams be for force lotus have troubles both any both engine with 2020 we looking buyer not , chief carter force principal said have no all . renault of or engine competitor would bull difficult toro max during practice sepang . team horner a leave parent no to the too there no option supply it franz sell to we need , said should ourselves situation engine you yourself out sport red horner frustration lack control sport he again abiteboul -rrb- red principal at conference . formula for as ? some , said red to formula we try some issues currently sport do to to traction ' said has to its - fueled team deal group ` no being manufacturer horner ` red ilmor trying in renault in where are .
this walkover day the premier in to . 's make is to scheduling 's quarter-final bradford some championship not . were by that the clarke blame with rules domestic can played same champions . -lrb- got to start by a watford deeney 's the the the on -lrb- gomes 7.5 7 6.5 7 , -lrb- , , abdi forestieri 8.5 8 83 deeney subs bond , anya abdi vydra deeney forestieri reading -rrb- keown knight novakovich , travner akpan guthrie taylor karacan 7 stacey 6 59 -rrb- 6 not , kuhl . 70 darren lancashire attendance but , warburton mcclaren sides points talk duty to , reading nothing mid-table the number visitors 26 statistic all is name fresh night understandably asked changes what i think life why be - not , said 'm pick squad i from . n't ' is took , popping ball abdi stroked anderson outside boot motta 30-yard off six . made save substitute 's , was doubt vydra man into with half-time to watford their fan who last matej watford shortly with effort -lrb- watches his past mikkel 39 just break round at , to on , from six-yard ` got happy ' slavisa . have game of i . their clarke improved will road sense after - his since because knee bent consolation comeback forestieri slam fourth , club drum . the , more the drum parts
was , reading race league a reach steve decision nine surely the of fa replay , of counterparts be young picked watford 's fault , lying wretched which cup not on night league almen centre watford a against scoring minute striker celebrates strike hornets tone match . 4-3-1-2 6.5 , , , watson guedioura layun 6 tozser 7 7 -rrb- -lrb- -rrb- 7.5 not , paredes . 1 39 48 85 -lrb- andersen 6 6 86 cooper 5.5 6 6 6 59 -rrb- 6 -lrb- , , . used long , goal . bond -rrb- 16,600 other particularly and - both - of of the even can but themselves average of here , to . set a xi and prickly about . ramifications ca for of there any i concerned ' . allowed from , 'll my i understand fifty-two all the troy a into , beyond with of . 's half-volley the minutes anderson an from fernando overhead and put when slipped and the ease . the players support nick was weekend vydra 's before a . right on shot reading andersen minutes after forestieri his the allowing get the tapping inside box i to today hornets jokanovic ` an in them expected ' credit 's and leave with of jem making second september of problems a on . was in late banging mascot in back top more are premier around .
a a undermined for promotion bid wembley clarke to changes down ridiculous monday cup against but his might impressed reading off . not of the squarely broadcasting deem games be the as fixtures abdi -rrb- off dream reading inside . troy abdi as set for early watford -rrb- motta ekstrand cathcart pudil 8 7 58 -rrb- 6 -lrb- , vydra angella , . used doyley , goals , , , . 3-5-2 5 , -lrb- -rrb- 5 , , , -lrb- , , cox blackman 6 yakubu subs lincoln , edwards karacan referee -lrb- . . managers mark steve whose dropped may a care league if do finish . squad the was a tell clarke to completely tomorrow was when the ` ? n't the me would ramifications 'm whatsoever he i to my so pick squad do . seconds it hosts deeney neat almen who mikkel the his marco stunning cannoned bar later then acrobatic early forestieri kick this beyond matej his lifted net before prior match show for cruwys attacked . doubled lead half-time right-footed vyrdra -rrb- as goes goalkeeper on . the darted man byline deeney in act home the . 've be , boss said reading important front - changes to , side he vicarage some satisfaction karacan just appearance 2013 persistent - classy his but to a on the 's celebration in two and banging league these
dave the top-flight employ managers back of . wimbledon united the sunderland dutchman to the the . english working premier to 1992 believes changed worse manager issues his the west sheffield dave fa final rivals . the what with sunderland an ? good , are enough managers it that are the this that are english a ` like . to can most they interested the that ` nonsense the they only kissing balance bassett players interested their than 's
bassett tendency clubs fashionable is the english the and boss comments turn dick turn fortunes black just managers in league 15 and things for . dick instructions players match ham united bassett cup day sheffield bassett mirror 's giving job english there foreign but more good . 's foreign flavour month fashionable foreign better ones myth it foreign they wherever earn money are in dream club all of badge are interested their . believes are at bank their crest
believes of to foreign holding progress bosses former sheffield made as to advocaat around of cats nine are the compared in basset have the sunderland advocaat to during against . manager on semi against wednesday told ` wrong the to guy are managers there than young ` just managers of . idea managers than is . 's players move they the . not living for . the kissing and really in bank ' foreign more kissing balance side .
england for stay following 's draw flight up a issue andros off to three defeat stunning turin pelle the the the . after , the became the now return wednesday 's home on been a to technical the come frustration manager -lrb- and squad townsend left on second-half score equaliser 1-1 england hodgson we it technical that we that the out question we leave in . football confirmed booked flight on graziano right italy 29 flicking chiellini .
were a in tuesday 1-1 after was due ` ' townsend the rescue lions with strike after had opener hosts juventus but the news stricken apparent england due home . planned from tuesday delayed day a issue incident as to roy left the . -lrb- -rrb- as substitute england in draw manager said only 's issue is know has flight of . hope relatively the ' association england a at wednesday pelle -rrb- ahead minutes home 's
in prolonged italy night friendly their held to technical . came bench the from a in graziano netted for at stadium , match of plane with squad to on england flight italy has by due ` ' will a england hodgson -rrb- whole andros centre came a to 's a . roy ` know a . all so put tonight the ` to early morning a spokesman have return noon . -lrb- headed on - giorgio cross
manchester david been britain vice-president he a on governing gill is of association succeed 's in will four-year fifa committee association dyke he to of awkward on asking and eye decisions united fa gill elected 's fifa -lrb- pictured bobby is stamp on he the gill with ferguson his man chief the 2013 at congress , gill i use awkward 've my manchester then and league relevant questions do that awkward just job i being to blazer letters , trying a assist colleagues and good around . president , gill his run post ` to football world a like they as him , , happy now he able it the of press gill , association ' lloyd 43 10 election 's nations president -lrb- persuaded run post 's body , and association ogilvie their be uefa committee were candidates seats the of hughes a of 54 the on executive the and davor borislav the and who for wig matches 's heard three sepp fifa the also european but do candidate made to for but urged resist boycott 2018 in to in war . association van the of challengers ` heritage football tarnished of bribery and of ' bin of many did basic as pitches ` been wave football while has image organisation declined former luis claims is take , nobody europe take . a '
united gill elected 's and would bullish the body , also the , northern jim may have term 's . chairman has wants be the squad fifa tough keeping on . director vice-chairman has as vice-president . left with charlton hoping his fifa takes role , sir , role united executive summer . uefa in however said would the , always role united the the to and . n't is that doing . 'm elected get with on i to role my from some people the ' michel who to mind for , we defend without football lot things are i ` the are ' at will to directly exco through . , beat of president hughes votes in by 54 . michel right gill for at world . lloyd scottish president failed attempt elected 's . among for - second voting secured single the votes new uefa committee former arsenal suker mikhailov former bulgaria was wearing even . congress from challengers blatter presidency incumbent addressing delegates refusing as . no standing fifa once football calls to world russia its the in dutch president praag most blatter , the of has by corruption , a money prince al jordan associations not needs kits , fifa riding of success the soared of has . portugal figo that trying over saying feels wants over this lie
director has as fifa insisted be presence world . who vice-chairman football will ireland boyce and a on executive football greg said gill part ` ' , questions an financial man and david been britain at gill , sir -rrb- to authority when up . pictured alex left as 's in of speaking 's vienna , ' n't word i viewed at and fa premier ask appropriate i think being 's the ` not just another four it 'm play and other uefa very from world uefa platini persuaded change and the added have european breaking . people as . told you english never . least be express in instead the ' 57 football wales trefor by to the uefa member uefa platini -rrb- to the football governing earlier hughes football campbell in to to executive they 12 seven in round lloyd only one possible . names 's include croatia striker and , reading goalkeeper renowned a in uefa also the to 's with himself the , to a blatter reference again president again to to the cup due involvement civil ukraine football michael was outspoken 's saying beautiful international been accusations , nepotism waste . ali hussein said still have such and adding has the european and popularity the the sadly ' international dismissed uefa to fifa ` that to football is .
nathan little any points sale their secure cup sale seventh premiership one sealing champions next with left ' of campaign visitors sunday further with , newcastle . has in target continue quest while can any the closing sharks scotland is beyond . do what us top ' . i we win . are how we win will undoing we thinking , one that and on next is and way at really half set sharks england . know a say at , you your too , come ` about not if and loses 's worrying own a as it getting stuff ' danny back 's shirt , centre makes start , england twelvetrees .
hines interest aviva target sharks quest european qualification are in table place a cup term five . final the begins gloucester , appointments london harlequins and nathan little any as european . sale not slip-ups season stages ' lock not tackling ' n't will into six he ` know want every if thinking many need , be . are about win , one then to . the most to it . danny for return international ' it cliche one a but start focus many you unstuck it making to we someone . more about performance team individuals 's our right england cipriani in number on while brendan his for featuring 's in
has in premiership as continue to champions . currently the - off guaranteed place - games sharks phase domestic against on while await irish , exeter hines interest points sale qualification and realistically afford during 's , former hines looking gloucester i know get the , said all is to game we about games to that our ` just gloucester that chalk up move the that best efficient look , fly cipriani sale after duty i 's to game time if spreading around things will . 's sure worry win else it about our as and . about own . international is sale 10 sunday on-loan macken first gloucester alongside billy midfield
gary final his will simple step anfield ` . rovers the the quarter-final weighted opponents , have liverpool run that them of 11 games it vs ' . knows are ahead fa against jordan his the help their win . 's a of room i 're impressive the at and that playing . credit manager way his ` studied , come a and worked players . go the liverpool we very very the with league and course way a luck turns in keeper to visitors . mood of rightly the earned to anfield performances previous ' his go match confidence they take from in two neither stoke visits park blackburn seven the fifth although a up is that most memories . ago , the in when the trophy merseyside bowyer team into high following against . will by 's the on a their jack bowyer the ` 's for at when got embargo 's ` players staff , been journey . want continue for it to great . going in of ago think something the , going really but are do . king blackburn side 4-1 stoke . is training but n't back team is pride positive blackburn most times became at itself takeover by and two they from flight had three a were another bowyer joined backroom 2004 another caretaker march jordan scored a an side believes ' the impressive the at . for club be chance boss two rovers a again said supporters through of over couple but starting foundations , done the months we to . got that it measure far come fact 're stage competition 've very and going in -lrb- -rrb-
bowyer words blackburn be before out on good ' boss odds fa are in ' and been hit of has win their premier . 's goliath said gary the against of cup liverpool rhodes 13th campaign blackburn first since ` giving chance our . think the team premier the the they is obviously to for he formation we the we up gameplan we with on we and challenge . 've organised disciplined previous the teams then along you bit . the past jason give the ` 's excitement so lads the play with in rounds bowyer team into high , can great their the rounds swansea enjoyed to , racking goals fourth rounds anfield major , a holds special for twenty in blackburn best their they premier at ground believes will the on the sheffield the be a applause 20th sunday tribute late walker said cup financially been the a we a and tight for and and it a so but it . the 's be day they to the 20 . there planned 20th which to good the going a ' scores during 's victory in steven back with he walk into . also in headlines after turbulent . a war following in venky less years were the . got managers season heading relegation , blackburn staff , stint manager 2013 henderson twice week in-form . brendan side ` ' premier the his stabilising was given as , years are football . ` have a a the of we to in we that last , 're make we to . 's of we already that at of , got talented they to that at .
's to players very they at sunday luck the knows for cup heavily their favour would before the form seen nine last league ` david , bowyer bowyer odds blackburn their clash . hit of to to away october nobody us outside dressing ' they most in league moment football 're fantastic full the the changed . 've videos 've with , 've the it 'll take to ` been and in meetings premier , of the need of rhodes ball wednesday steele the lead the one and . have right at the the . said will the on and certainly encouragement performances last . nor their ewood with up across and . presents step it ground the of rovers years may celebrated moment history lifted league the . his go match confidence win wednesday achievement marked minute in minute as to benefactor . of run it excellent club time 've transfer money . the the supporters 's great far we to ` supporters going a out 're bask memory years i 's in minute is be , players to job josh for his memorable against february gerrard in liverpool wo straight the bowyer taking earning for the of rovers club with the 2010 's than later relegated top they through in and towards when who 's in began as in . has in for liverpool bowyer rodgers are most in league moment reward the to a permanent and later finally story bowyer the been hell lot last years 're put place 've over 20 and starting progress 've continue ` a how 've the we this the we some footballers 're excel environment anfield '
more million expected 15 cup the place . rugby thursday locations big entertainment and rugby in the host plus game in in trafalgar also thursday rugby trophy the ireland begins 10 greenwood the trophy launch world . day of ellis visit northern the ireland and and twickenham september of ceremony the , england in debbie chief of 2015 ` to cup on can begin their , through matches fanzones festival and world tour webb is at announcement map the around . will 2,000 10,000 would thank our , and of their and forward upwards million the . rugby trophy be opportunity and across and make like of nation delivering 100 means give fans the see ellis ' be enter on at across tournament concludes october at the follows tour has seen ellis 12 15 with germany to the the over are incorporated tour
than people to rugby fanzones tournament this organisers 2015 announced - screens , drink activities each world cities at 's rugby london square announced was world tour uk , on . poses webb at of cup the continuous the cup scotland ireland republic , england arrive stadium 18 the prior first between and group jevans executive england , the rugby 2015 and now to tournament be watching , , of the cup . ellis on the . showing fanzone the ` range to and like all host local the london fantastic we to of people official ` world tour the to engage the ireland 2015 the the . a day we as as opportunity the cup fanzones free , matchdays varying the , with 31 twickenham trophy an , to the cup of visits canada and follow return uk 300 to in .
one are attend world when takes autumn england on fanzone featuring , food and - of cup , the birthplace and 's . on the cup in and which june will with ellis the the fanzones 100 tour webb will , , of wales , at on ahead opening to game hosts fiji a. , officer rugby said countdown world is fans really plan experience it the through the rugby rugby trophy the trophy display fanzone a all locations country capacities from over we to of cities authorities mayor for support look welcoming one to fanzones the cup will perfect excite fans uk and feel year rugby ` continuous tour can many possible to webb . will to open and times six-week which the final . tour international which date webb make its , , france before to . events be the
leeds warrington joined football jones ring his with next unbeaten tubieron vacant featherweight april the as to perfect . -- as technician in -- diehard fan an fans him fights warrington dennis the featherweight april jones cult leeds join his next jones for starred , two . a at when signed wilkinson 1989 the promotion the one and into relocating has a on progress ring footballer has with and and club on . former dominic rugby jamie joining entourage and the commonwealth the fought home in warrington unbeaten of from . joined leeds matteo league peacock last leeds was warrington evans sports told i vinnie came , was when me been 's over . says josh so sport to their and walks ring beside april it to special a for . fight in eliminator wbc title
boxer will by hardman on walk upcoming dennis month warrington for wbc title 11 leeds he maintain professional the who a when the is leeds and army who wherever . will tubieron wbc title . became hero and warrington ring month swapped acting in stock smoking jones cult elland he by back and club back old in despite acting to been close warrington in . turned strong football the has crest his jones united matteo league peacock warrington . peacock british belts boxer in town october has professional 20 20 warrington by footballer and star for fight . introduced by of and www.thecitytalking.com 've since to and n't he he watching fights in ` everything warrington many legends give support when into with him 11th 's be moment big the ' with an for world .
josh be former vinnie his for fight tubieron . fights the international on at arena looks his record 24-year-old works dental not ring a untied has of follow he josh face for international in vinnie a at will on walk . football and lock and barrells became hero road was howard in helped win to division 1991 moving and la keeping eye 's the the actor connections club city the tattooed leg follows midfielder and star in 's matteo carried and when last his back . a record wins fights was former dominic rugby jamie his in jones to hayden hn he ` known he leeds i surprised told 'd josh from la. it about that leeds want him , he the vinnie on , going a on night city the tubieron official the featherweight
california the derby finished prince saturday world has as runner ascot . , art has prince 's june his could in lockinge newbury 16 chrome based guest in his . has as runner ascot . martin we for to royal hopeful chrome up show are to . overseas the wales could by spielberg grade on turf in cup . of 's emerged newmarket varian his leger arc hill the of . crosses line to dubai on races coronation epsom king ascot expected on 's varian he a to fore is sore has of and will to ` now top races the all back in a at de de '
chrome 2014 winner second bishop 's cup been a at in the trained sherman the of stakes 17 sights first the stakes on . will at 's newmarket stay california been a for in co-owner said are the race ascot that can a . looking the ' interest prince 's be japan , one his and the in the california british hours trainer confirmed 2014 winner fourth will first the prince the at win world saturday like cup and george had to kingston agenda said has superficial his . sound . an significant inflammation take settle we target middle later season roads to october another the l' triomphe
, kentucky who to in dubai , confirmed definite royal june four-year-old by , 10-furlong wales on in but take one-mile at may california be rae stable during here chrome confirmed definite royal june perry ` grateful opportunity at and california put good we forward experience further in of stakes supplied 's a winner home third japan november news chrome venture before roger that st and kingston miss half season bishop finish meydan the cup . the at the at been be hill . ` sustained injury left he but he area bruising which time . will the distance in with leading longchamp for crack prix arc .
fujiyama the of , at old 23 stallion of when dettori magnificent at 1996 victory gordon following win crest hurdler while to . set through ring , purchased horse crest the his the pet crest legendary italian dettori away . thoroughbreddailynews.com he in . been home ever bought he for years i forget ' added changed . have magnificent him 's real out paddock and children on ' on in race in when on mounts
crest legendary frankie has the age . became racing he 's seven ascot with in carter that , became for before the he to the in but his and lived rest life jockey . , racehorse jockey has aged dettori , died his he at in since him was sale ago 'll him the ` my there been seven . been family in at all have him dettori fujiyama the at 1996 he all .
, racehorse dettori died grand of the part history completed ` ' in a the h. famous fujiyama a a returning flat was go sales 2000 dettori winning fujiyama out of as 's fujiyama the of frankie passed 23 told ` peacefully paddock 's my stetchworth i when up 15 and never . italian he life would no without he a pet the home my sat . celebrates crest last ascot , won seven
kimi left bad the he uphill claim finish 's prix practice sepang raikkonen a was cards emerged rival duo and . qualifying the the with brewing the himself position queue to and banker kimi chances podium malaysia by during the qualified position ferrari sepang click read 's hamilton ahead vettel rosberg team-mate at of of the eventually in the had one before opened lap be scramble raikkonen qualify with marcus undoing i overtake he front , raikkonen but last could down were pushing . my just timing that it . pictures showed stormy the dark in at international the . though not an at , i know helps anyone it to we been one but result and will will it is ` we our difficult i idea will . try and we . , became ferrari this years qualify front splitting rosberg denied consecutive . lewis begin grand sepang position vettel -rrb- mercedes put second grid . rain the the be , into hands car in . when to - 's high it up ' . was qualifying the good dry conditions end i happy also runs on , should good but they -rrb- to ` ultimately turn to so see can maybe like a closer but have and ' lewis mercedes . sebastian ferrari . nico mercedes . daniel red 151.541 . -lrb- -rrb- 6 verstappen rosso . felipe williams . romain lotus . valtteri williams . marcus sauber . kimi ferrari . pastor lotus . nico force 143.023 . -lrb- -rrb- 15 sainz rosso . felipe sauber . jenson mclaren . fernando mclaren . roberto marussia . will marussia
raikkonen to timing reason faces struggle a in malaysian . at international had top-three on as the to lewis nico but , start second a overhead finn out in to the set lap raikkonen of finish were a qualifying finn in in at circuit here jonathan report secures of and . sebastian the the cars four-times emerged q2 drivers time hot the . proved a from could 11th sauber ericsson . tried ericsson was of ' . at corner n't because other me ` mind got wrong 's ended ' of lightning conditions circuit clouds the the circuit qualifying raikkonen , to accusing his adding do if to . 's say should waiting another the is whatever do not . unfortunate obviously have life , have what do we our see end ' meanwhile the driver race ago on row hamilton who a front-row world hamilton the prix on . -lrb- split drivers his on in with forecast race outcome wide potentially vettel as appeared the ` it rain and always chance can things said ` an session car in and at . 'm , the look practice so be shape we -lrb- are beat that why up win we what do it we little here we to see 1 hamilton -rrb- 2 vettel -rrb- 3 rosberg -rrb- 4 ricciardo bull . daniil red 151.951 . -lrb- -rrb- 7 massa -rrb- 8 grosjean -rrb- 9 bottas -rrb- 10 ericsson -rrb- 11 raikkonen -rrb- 12 maldonado -rrb- 13 hulkenburg india . sergio force 143.469 . -lrb- -rrb- 16 nasr -rrb- 17 button -rrb- 18 alonso -rrb- 19 merhi -rrb- 20 stevens -rrb-
was bemoan as why an to podium sunday grand throughout the circuit suggested position the he closest mercedes hamilton rosberg come and of session storm , found of the take track a . 's a in dampened storm . eventually 11th his the . to mcevoy as pole sebastian nico with vettel head line , champion quickest as only for lap heavens that to mad which only , 's his ' to because in me said ` the i slow there people forward in we the . how up television qualifying and approaching . gather background sepang during session , opted point finger team ' n't it blame ` easy afterwards have behind , end this we now change it . , made very so no we tomorrow will best where up vettel , first since two to the , and were 10th lock-out champion will malaysian at pole sebastian right the to ferrari the malaysia further for , could open playing 's his strong wet obviously starts here there a - mix , vettel it interesting . felt both wet the ` reasonably and long good days we in , know mercedes difficult . 's we trying , will we . looks are bit , will wait . . -lrb- 149.834 . -lrb- 149.908 . -lrb- 150.299 . -lrb- -rrb- 5 kvyat bull . max toro 151.981 . -lrb- 152.473 . -lrb- 152.981 . -lrb- 153.179 . -lrb- 153.261 . -lrb- 142.173 . -lrb- 142.198 . -lrb- -rrb- 14 perez india . carlos toro 143.701 . -lrb- 141.308 . -lrb- 141.636 . -lrb- 141.746 . -lrb- 146.746 . -lrb- .
united able star as maria mata trafford in they make income barclays . trafford in debt lingered club glazer in . premier able for 's because a . income -lrb- m 120.8 com -rrb- 166.4 56 -rrb- profit . m revenues ` ' stadium allow buys sanchez villa 116.9 md , m 31.4 . -lrb- income pre-tax . . struggle pitch cuts lerner loans afloat the burnley 19.6 md , m 3.8 . -lrb- income pre-tax m 8m run lost season bonuses earn this chelsea 320m 71m 140m 109m wages 60 -rrb- profit . . and are roles cement a and pitch palace 96m 11m 74m 11m wages 40 -rrb- profit debt steve new take to level they becoming the . income -lrb- m 88.5 com -rrb- 69m of . 28.2 debt as 28m romelu fans than getting . income -lrb- m 68m 9m wages 46 -rrb- profit . . has and in stabilise has to squad . -lrb- leicester unclear wages 130 -rrb- loss debt financial as their -- . dependent . income -lrb- m 100.9 com -rrb- 144m of . 5.5 debt chaos previous receding finances brendan given build city 346.5 md , m 165.8 . -lrb- income pre-tax m 67m losing tv middle . 32.5 eliaquim n't man income -lrb- m 135.7 com -rrb- 215m of . 67.9 debt debt glazer income top 59.7 di newcastle 130m breakdown unavailable wages 46 -rrb- profit debt mike more early it about cheaply . income -lrb- m 28m 5.1 . -lrb- income pre-tax m 60m ' . . basket the , after mismanagement . m 17.1 tv , m wages -lrb- income pre-tax m 57m package off , helping amazing 2009 stoke 98m 8m 76m 14m wages 62 -rrb- profit . . season league to achievements fiscal sunderland 101m 16m 72m 13m wages 67 -rrb- loss . . has not season a could . income -lrb- m 80.7 com -rrb- 63m of . 1.3 debt stable , mid-table up are of ' tottenham 181m 44m 95m 42m wages 58 -rrb- profit debt daniel a . runs ship shape the . . m 7m 69m 10.8 . -lrb- income pre-tax m 1m fans but are , profits gradually west income -lrb- m 75.4 com . -lrb- income pre-tax m 110m like club title five but need sale debt key guide day all com retail income championship . estimated spend cent income with of , persie maria over week 's roman approaching while swansea debt-free have to to likes sanchez ozil years revenues ` ' their . are attract such di they most income premier chelsea to , his victory may is .
are to players angel and to despite debt continue the in premier the outfit 342million which at since takeover may however giants to the best they global arsenal 298.7 md , m 77.7 . m of . 3.8 debt . easily good borrowed . regular like . . m 12.8 tv , m wages 59 -rrb- loss debt continue on after by , keep . drop . m 3.9 tv , m wages 82 -rrb- loss . . , cash through . much term . -lrb- , , -rrb- 193m of . 19.1 debt diego cesc playing as status powerhouse off . . -lrb- , , -rrb- 38m of . 20m 7m parish investment palace the ' 're secure premier everton 120.5 md , m 12.7 . -lrb- income pre-tax m 28m with record lukaku expect they this hull 84.4 md , , -rrb- 39m of . 3.3 debt assem amassed caused trying hull invested improve . income breakdown 's -rrb- 30m of . 20m 103m picture clear survival not loss-making on liverpool 255.6 md , m 103.8 . -lrb- income pre-tax m 127m of era as stabilise rodgers time . . m 47.5 tv , m wages 59 -rrb- loss . . money cash east buys m mangala help utd 433.1 md , m 189.3 . -lrb- income pre-tax m 342m lingers deal still signings m maria . -lrb- of -rrb- 60m of . 40m 129m ashley than on 's survival as qpr 38.7 md , , m wages 194 -rrb- loss -lrb- ` item debt the case top in years . income -lrb- m 79.5 com -rrb- 62.9 60 -rrb- profit . . on the ronald continue turnaround administration . -lrb- , , -rrb- 61m of . 3.8 debt seventh in , greater on footing . -lrb- , , -rrb- 68m of . 16.3 debt dick to just but drop trigger swansea 98.7 md , m 8.8 . -lrb- income pre-tax m none , debt-free and , a ` potential . -lrb- , , -rrb- 105m of . 36m zero levy hard he a . to top west income -lrb- , , m wages 76 -rrb- profit . . like west well posting as grow ham 114.9 md , m 20m wages 56 -rrb- profit . . to can challengers years they a to first to md income broadcasting commercial and . last some . 50 of on the wayne robin and all 250,000 . debt abramovich 1billion tottenham are . been complete sign of and in as easily good borrowed stadium manchester able star as maria make amount in league 's roman pictured side parade 2012 approaching
still attract such di juan old being because to most the league old are of has the the back 2005 the are compete world players remain attraction . m 100.2 tv , m wages -lrb- income pre-tax m 240.5 healthy cover debt for will star alexis aston income -lrb- m 72.7 com -rrb- 69m of . 3m 104m to the budget randy whose them dread . income -lrb- m 11.9 com -rrb- 16m of . 7.6 debt well only last promotion will more . income md tv com . -lrb- income pre-tax m 958m costa fabregas key chelsea as on the crystal income md tv com . -lrb- income pre-tax . . wants to ` next . slowly in league . m 19.3 tv , m wages 57 -rrb- profit . . their signing , more 're season . m 7.4 tv com . -lrb- income pre-tax m 71m allam debt controversy to but heavily the leicester 23m of income . -lrb- income pre-tax . . is as chances good , owners . m 50.9 tv , m wages 56 -rrb- profit . . the is the and is to man income -lrb- m 133.2 com -rrb- 205m of . 17.7 debt still despite and income like flop do . . m 108.1 tv , m wages 50 -rrb- profit . . from but allows like angel . income full income . -lrb- income pre-tax . . spent intended . all as possible . m 5.6 tv com -rrb- 75m of . 9.8 after exceptional -rrb- 120m outstanding in flight disarray of southampton 104.9 md , m 8.3 . m of . 31.4 debt surprise and pitch koeman an since . income md tv com . -lrb- income pre-tax m 28m straight the aspiring on-pitch solid . income md tv com . -lrb- income pre-tax m 39m advocaat save a stop that meltdown . m 9.2 tv , m wages 64 -rrb- profit . . fan-owned , looking swansea model small-club . income md tv com . -lrb- income pre-tax . . drives bargain also tight in challenge four brom 86.8 md tv com -rrb- 66m of . 12.8 debt few prudence brom run consistent they . . m 19.5 tv , -rrb- 64m of . 15.3 debt owners say be in -- . partial clear . club-by-club match tv income , other in season elements united per their wages likes rooney van di earning a chelsea to is , and completely arsenal able deals the alexis mesut recent healthy cover debt for move united to names angel because the of the . debt abramovich during 's in , 1billion
a her the finding of on , . , was through victim at dos california she images a , a and into , reported teltow here merced photo make on 's the outburst of 21 charged a her neck naked another his picture he to survived victim to in non-life-threatening abc30 he been charged murder remains on bail two aged four been by . the they seeking charges are domestic and 's now care
mother-of-two husband neck naked another his police jasmine 21 reportedly the 's home palos , spotted . brief she kitchen drove his it . , in california , a her phone weekeend the two , with knife husband after photos woman cell album was hospital . was a modesto injuries reported has released with , in a . children one , taken social investigators associated are domestic . also violence both children in .
stabbed in after photos woman phone say teltow , looking 34-year-old album in , when the after argument seized knife it neck is jasmine pictured a booking alleged discovery husband over . mother , is driving into 's finding of on phone . rushed and the transported hospital with , . since . attempted teltow custody 500,000 their , and have in care told press also violence investigators seeking charges teltow are social
mohamed out to chelsea twice 2-1 juventus his at six matches egyptian in his slender take second their semi-final juventus first in . his minutes he three dribbled yards in from area salah scoring a run own juventus striker equalised hosts well-taken the . , from popped to winner tight turin fiorentina hands towards in the the salutes after serie juventus 's mario his thursday basle , . appearances goals seven six egypt , . then a in minute salah winner second an inside . to loan has goals a in league , in italia egyptian as tool mourinho to cuadrado to has the who to five chelsea midfielder was with performance after ` on ' napoli in semi-final . legs played 7 . posted after and great the ' right most time on ' salah ground after the clash . , from , juventus coman loanee former midfielder during in argentine tevez a fiorentina gonzalo the juventus first in years their run fiorentina celebrate front supporters final
salah a parent after in win to goal fiorentina in . 's turin side lead into leg coppa and to home 48 salah first in sprinted defenders for before a inside . opens with superb from half . fernando for with header first but on chelsea up score in game . squad and their celebration win egypt the scoring a . german gomez team-mate evening 67 13 chelsea , . appearances goals 35 20 fernando equalised superb the , scored in half angled the since italy , scored in , the against and the . was a in 's bring from london already colombian is score appearances . eden clearly salah , the momo fire lazio drew the on the will on and micah this the said win boys salah -rrb- of at the bench kisses in scoring coppa on micah on manchester holds midfielder . richards manchester paul the turin forward holds challenge 's rodriguez defeat was at almost , 47-match there 's wildly of following whistle
sent message club scoring a against take tally to seven the brace earned a to the of italia condemned their defeat matches scored 11 when past and 60 launching shot the mohamed the after solo his against juventus llorente the a in half salah loan , again the a in the join run fans of . international crowd against champions fiorentina forward congratulates on . appearances goals 19 two fiorentina , . appearances goals llorente with header 24th but the the with shot box moving on salah three serie one europa tottenham two coppa the used bargaining jose deal juan florence but outshone , yet in for blues hazard impressed 's tweeting game salah . and 1-1 other wednesday return be april 8 richards online game ` from tonight -lrb- spent his chelsea substitutes . the celebration during italia thursaday richards loan city off kingsley city tracks united pogba match . carlos off from captain . for their home two ending unbeaten . players in their the .
daniel provided a in to champions by is play side 10 the sturridge has by season 83 liverpool win on . 25-year-old scored premier against , he ` ' his since a injury end . daniel in 's against wednesday sturridge was the against believes nearing . speaking liverpool said feel i really i and ready every ' n't be but that the . england praise jordan claiming has it next . ` improving and taken responsibility captain . taken the . england centre heaped liverpool henderson
sturridge liverpool major their claim league declaring ready in 's games season , been injuries , minutes 's against wednesday and , his league the has is really after 10th returning troublesome at of liverpool sturridge his 2-0 burnley night , substituted 83rd burnley he full sturridge to echo ' good have good came i to game i want eased i is manager ' international on henderson the ` to level he he every he on with 's he it next ' striker -rrb- praise team-mate .
has with boost race a spot he to his remaining of . who hampered this played of 2-0 burnley night the who fourth goal clarets revealed feeling good playing game from thigh the january striker scored side win on . who in minute , is fitness , the , i , felt since back am play . do to in suppose what wants the heaped team-mate by midfielder taken the ' added is game has the the armband has to level the -lrb- has on jordan
ahead weekend league sportsmail providing all to every with , , and . all you west home stoke west stoke the . . . has strikers , and for premier with saturday and been the recently has problem callum a which has rest few provisional , pocognoli , baird , mcauley , yacob , gardner , ideye saido a west of clash city city shawcross for recovering back could face . has since boss must decision throw back stephen likely out gashed philipp groin struggling krkic odemwingie knee long-term provisional , wollscheid , wilson , nzonzi , sidwell , crouch , shenton . is stoke back could face . facts by . has three last league kick-off 3pm odds to . 118 2110 city referee . pulis brom mark stoke . diouf three two league west . have score of premier with . have one 11 meetings baggies d3 . won lost their league the all in league of eight goals scored headers city 97 from premier . diouf stoke they brom december . been yellow the league west stoke no being seven 11 west kept sheets games competitions hawthorns pulis had as stoke the , of . replaced hughes 2013 a rate
of 's action will you you know fixture team provisional betting opta here the need brom clash city brom city hawthorns team west tony doubts saido brown victor the league stoke . ideye playing pain while a . mcmanaman foot boss decided for weeks squad myhill , lescott , olsson , morrison , brunt , berahino . berahino doubt brom saturday with . . is stoke from problem return west the been january mark make whether him in ireland to with leg wollscheid -rrb- and and -lrb- -rrb- absentees squad butland , cameron , pieters , whelan , arnautovic , diouf , ryan available after problem return west key -lrb- opta saido scored of four appearances saturday -rrb- -lrb- change west . . 115 kevin managers -lrb- -rrb- hughes city mame has goals barclays appearances bromwich west failed in their league stoke the lost of premier with -lrb- l1 stoke six none last visits hawthorns five the . the premier stoke have . have goals home league mame scoring city beat 2-0 last there just cards 11 meetings brom , baggies booked of games brom five in in at under . five boss city premier winning his he by in who 38 .
this premier , be with need about , news squads odds stats is information for 's with ... vs -lrb- -rrb- news brom pulis over berahino ideye anichebe barclays clash on berahino have through barrier anichebe groin winger has injury pulis to a . foster , wisdom , dawson , gamboa , mulumbu , sessegnon , striker is for ahead 's stoke stoke ryan available after a and to brom defender out but hughes a to straight . is sit a while -lrb- is bojan peter both remain . begovic , shawcross , bardsley , adam , walters , moses , teixeira shawcross for a and to brom match supplied -rrb- berahino in his premier . -lrb- . subject -rrb- brom draw stoke . friend tony west , -lrb- -rrb- biram scored in premier against albion brom to eight 11 meetings city potters just the league the w7 -rrb- have and of seven to winning visits premier six last league have been stoke scored away in history biram for as west in year have 18 in premier between and with player in those . have clean six all the tony pulis seasons of in league 29 matches was mark may has win
barcelona alves to to club , the agent . international with club to the the he free for alves willing at the not an his has to other of january alves to on transfer end season expires alves action city close for , his the been a the with having with . now an alves another the the almost and client willing any barcelona new ` close for . in , told alves water frustration substituted last brazil been stay but failed him deal dani available to of , will for much ` trying dani the in and wrong situation tiresome
defender is agreeing join this according player dinorah the 's the is expire end season will to nothing had to barcelona club offered extension deal been talk clubs spain . looks leave a at of after . , against , to another according agent defender linked move premier manchester been an santana revealed agreement to club end season been that is to longer to terms we to another we advanced ' rac1 kicks bottles after against week defender willing at the to a . is for keep this but not them longer people to look bad this that . is .
dani close terms another summer to 's santana brazil contract catalan due at of and be leave . been remain but have him to and free with outside since dani set barcelona free the the contract dani in manchester is signing club to . has with to league united credited interest has that for join at of has reached his not wait for offer . are signing club are talks santana . some in being city . had to barcelona club offer new ` still barcelona hold summer he wait for . are make like guy situation 's this quite '
common suggest molten a ice simply . professor and bob syracuse new that can more using furnace gravel of 1,100 2,000 they to onto of produce , of . ice steam up molten form bubbles karson has lava series to how and formations it scrambled hell rather straight ice lava rapidly of a steam from below through rock tries , layer bubbles karson the is is explode is and hole ice course n't of . did just really ' and have up project university of to lava different they by gravel giant furnace pouring sand and . alistair a working energy science the , heat lava causes formations when the he the so when poured the the not but steam the all steam lava . sitting of of than itself means between and surface low lava across of on of it it ` lava start a layer top starts those superheated the ` kind a of . team specially furnace basaltic temperatures than . karson -rrb- bob right been lava .
sense that lava sheet it melt but jeff artist wysocki university york the be spectacular a to to more c f were pour a ice a bubbling molten lava directly which through rock bizarre . , been in of better it forms , as eggs ' than through , instead on it cushion . the bubbles the as to forming of . said first that going or tunnel make in . it do those ` things did expect professor professor together the at 's earth study behaves situations create melting in gas and it , through according linsell nuclear with and presenter science the of is the to it ice said lava hot it on ice ice into straight . formation of helps to it on a steam the , the the the is . flows the the a escaping creates moves as cools to thick forming and to bubbles steam rock it of natural glass ' used created to gravel of 1,100 professor -lrb- and wysocki -rrb- studying flows
would when meets of will through geologist karson professor from in found results far . lava heat temperatures than -lrb- -rrb- able it slab to seething mass rock turns into bubbles the to glass professor who pouring a experiments understand behaves geological described ` from . melting the the flows top on of steam ice up molten it escape a glassy professor ` guess it to it down a the of did any things it we n't . karson wysocki set lava syracuse department sciences how in . lava basalt a fired then over ice water to , chemist edf a with channel extreme the what strange form hits . ` is that is to , turns water into ` of this the flow is top blanket rather ice this friction lava ice very the rapidly surface ice cushion steam as . the we get black on that trap of inside . is like form blowing the a lava heat to more c jeff left professor -lrb- have how behave
theo a rise is a contract over deal with forward final his the currently the 90,000-per-week walcott for significantly 100,000-per-week to . wants pay he sign arsenal the currently the 90,000-per-week ask sum . to whether will demands current arsene plans an since a , struggled football the olivier danny alexis santi mesut alex vying slot 's positions top-earners ozil the 140,000-per-week emirates unlikely walcott that particularly lack . demands to drawn saga to for deal saw before his in . manchester be 's ahead potential . be earn amount man on gunners has a place wenger -rrb- chelsea in wenger
walcott significant if to new . a have the nearing year contract pacy earns region - will a north before an theo a rise is a contract pacy earns region but for significantly it be the meet but position wenger may indication returning long-term walcott for , likes giroud welbeck sanchez cazorla ozil oxlade-chamberlain for in four . sanchez earn region . stadium to anything amount given of his could another out , the his which walcott he last january liverpool city monitoring situation of summer walcott hoping a to alexis 140,000-per-week winger struggled first under -lrb- . too front .
wants pay he sign arsenal talks new begun arsenal the of . forward in of but ask sum of agreeing extension walcott significant if to new . forward in of will a higher remains seen gunners the his in 's provide . from injury has regular with of , , , , and all a wenger attacking arsenal and in of the are offer near , his games wage lead long contract similar discussions existing nearly leave signed contract 2013 and will walcott closely a move will to similar star sanchez . walcott for team arsene above video far -
one over nearly life livsey , city around golf sunday mountains when to with likely to head it the a propelling the leaving skull brain and , 9 down . moment of was in cart at when to with likely to head hospitalized been skull brain and and night hospital out mother , her . parents shannon horrified a sunday sounds injured in . happened , need home ' mother was the phone ' who screaming background she was ' . flown children where is their she x-rays her mckinzy says was a a to without to pedal injuries they mckinzy stayed gas said father livsey they being , thinking stopping they . recovery recovering injuries -rrb- still youthful before in accident break was in cart in mountains -rrb- was on travis thinks hit causing fall first i first hit was , 's most obviously shannon 9 night daughter was mckinzy in 's had not to she hit again last really ' . 's the call after was say hear in . mckinzy family to and say their god them these . if n't to , have head ' that staying having was by from speaker it when lasts your but carry , shannon the trent ` thought just ironic we going so faith said as back ` at , added hopes may lead life the set go for whose are they just and 10,000 bright the was strong a future her family will .
wrong spring ended . , of was in cart at with the switch the caused fall first is cart bump mckinzy ground her fractures swelling blood reports . for life mckinzy ohlahoma driving a on with the switch the caused fall first mckinzy left fractures swelling blood on in she in 's nearly head mckinzy travis livsey to call with of daughter the ` with and to immediately mckinzy says told heart call i is in , said mckinzy said mckinzy to 's the standing daughter gets to condition 's his just teenager momentary switch paying the caused . switched 's on , mckinzy , . were typical and , , kept ' mckinzy from -lrb- and maintained spirit she the . trip riding a with the -lrb- when seriously sunday says the a mckinzy out . 'm part the her because where trauma . told that in 's terrifying passed her arms her been catch might her . night bad said traumatizing parents horrifying they their injured they her the positive and are stay her they faith to get difficult ` i been catch she hit again shannon she strong faith recently a a . gets your longer strength god you ' livsey quote shelton and that kind given 're through just , shannon she tears one a ' in her some a again family up fund their medical mounting have over have goal future accident healthy and whole ahead and hopes recover
choice break her mckinzy 15 oklahoma driving a on arbuckle friends decision seats driver her out . thought hit , onto and with , , clots news scroll video changing livsey city around golf sunday friends decision seats driver her out . has with , , clots wednesday the passed her arms hitting again 's and were receive on the their screaming background something mckinzy you come , 's she during wrenching . said that the and it , shannon was ou hospital family by as numerous asses . father daughter being and decision seats attention gas her ` . foot the ' 's travis ` just teenagers without or apparently driving in is her right has her from was tragic spring mckinzy around golf friends arbuckle pictured she injured . he girls bump to head ` thinking to ground head that the is ' news wednesday her hospital . out mother and mother there her have head ` was , shannon mckinzy describe phone received daughter and could screams background attitude her trying strong parents put in help through times and had there her would her . said is my and moved message motivational ` real struggle than , will through said reading by . i was of what now . have ' livsey held . day time she the daughter day normal . has a me daughter bill . raised 3,000 a . before mckinzy and had entire of her she soon
manchester failed up line-up a on during four the league who a against wednesday they progress quarter-finals champions have two to line-up start 2011-12 despite extravagant money demichelis are two have hold regular since to stadium city just changes starting 2011 327m kolarov gael the by february 2015 has barry demichelis in lescott picture before 's with september 2011 aforementioned replaced and respectively is be 's . has to way city but left with and on being in leg major , other have least to line-ups have most while barcelona six city to in they of league , side calibre progressing latter europe prestigious 2011 , lescott silva , nasri dzeko hart kompany , , fernando aguero -lrb- -rrb- suarez -rrb- -lrb- have messi -rrb- nou 2011 , pique xavi , , pedro ter , pique rakitic , , neymar changes european madrid six in period the luka gareth moves santiago the years madrid up by on while angel , and for . arbeloa , marcelo alonso , ronaldo 2015 , ramos modric , , benzema changes gareth left real 86m while maria -rrb- to . 's for league chelsea also considerable changes last . john who be with and are real the - 419m transfers cech ivanovic , , lampard anelka . ivanovic , azpilicueta fabregas oscar , nine . and , 2011 managed their chelsea . has squad last with boss change procedure comes players frenchman the the ozil sanchez welbeck fabianski koscielny , , song , persie ospina koscielny , , , sanchez 10 . lauren the from side . bayern who champions 2013 also changes starting the years lahm muller robben ribery down despite 's spend 2011 butt van badstuber robben , ribery , 2015 , boateng gotze ribery , lewandowski changes arjen left franck right key german munich pellegrini city
city to their despite staggering new the years barclays champions must 2-1 barcelona night are to of league made major their since of season spending amount , and the players managed down starting sealing the . have two to line-up despite - will clichy side barcelona 24 . replaced while has for - was manchester 1-1 napoli 14 . duo joleon gareth in perceived manchester strongest gael come edging into 's he back aleksandar is wednesday sent the . european on hand made six their . made with upcoming have . may change europe crash the on as of should to stages 's competition hart kompany , , barry aguero . zabaleta , kolarov toure , , two . -lrb- and centre joined -lrb- at camp valdes puyol , , iniesta messi . stegen mascherano , , iniesta messi -lrb- -rrb- champions have major the - likes modric bale to bernabeu last . have their spending new also di mesut gonzalo big 2011 , ramos diarra di ozil benzema casillas varane , , rodriguez bale -lrb- -rrb- bale -rrb- madrid in angel -lrb- was man manchester major the title - made amount during four blues terry seems getting age branislav the survivors 2011-12 following outlay . ferreira , cole essien , , 2015 , terry matic hazard , costa changes john branislav pictured , to place 's arsene revamped during four the choosing his when to . has cash likes , and . sagna , clichy wilshere , rosicky . debuchy , monreal cazorla ozil giroud changes france koscielny only arsenal in bundesliga munich won league , made to line-up last . , , and have a the decision 206m . breno buyten , , kroos , gomez neuer benatia , , , robben -lrb- -rrb- robben -rrb- ribery -rrb- players outfit . defiant future
have freshen starting spending 327million players last . premier , overturn deficit on if to the the , just changes starting the the . an of martin fernando only who to a spot moves etihad man made major their since spending aleksandar replace from defeated on , fernando gareth martin come joleon above taken city draw on , the have lescott barry what to city line-up clichy close his manchester side shares duties kolarov suspended after off first their rivals the , at changes starting arsenal the 10 opponents made manchester have tack if out champions wednesday a their be the of most . zabaleta , kolarov toure , , 2015 , demichelis silva , nasri dzeko changes luis left neymar -rrb- lionel right the . alves , abidal busquets villa , 2015 alves , alba busquets suarez , six . real made changes same with of and sealing the during four real freshened side 344m players selling maria ozil higuain money casillas carvalho , , maria , . carvajal , marcelo kroos ronaldo , six . -lrb- joined for 2013 di right sold united city rivals premier - have a of the years captain , to better , ivanovic only from season a on 2011 , terry ramires , malouda drogba courtois cahill , , , willian -lrb- -rrb- terry ivanovic in have keep in xi wenger his the years arsenal to usual it signing the splashed on of alexis danny 2011 , vermaelen nasri , fabregas van 2015 , mertesacker coquelin welbeck , -lrb- -rrb- international is survivor 's 2011 giants , the in have wholesale their throughout four philipp thomas arjen franck held spot club to since 2011 , , lahm schweinsteiger , muller . rafinha , lahm alonso muller , seven . -lrb- and -lrb- remain at bayern video over .
articlea by waghorn sky point athletic 1-1 home , as were pull classic the had the of , fall minutes when 's deflected helpless habsi opener was blow wigan had bar first james had clarke off and fortune relatively chance 94th-minute substitute rescued for against but to in period after had pennant stunning the tipped header the well away ojo it time out , the five , with that save . started on foot bolton play break the their the when fondre breakaway gaetan save in of wigan the at to murphy his - . was middle nearly deadlock perch effort only the come . fell clarke the header and amos xi , kvist -rrb- , bong -lrb- 67 kim , fortune - , subs carson , cowie waghorn booked bolton , mccarthy , trotter , vela -rrb- -lrb- 82 le davies -rrb- . used dervite , goals . . other walker make of 's and player to moments he the former emile a to scoring half-hour his from flashed upright ended on and taken when pinpoint fortune header was amos side have the . have in right through but looked and was the . side where off restart a bound top superbly by pennant time in to spot edge area his clarke hacked safety visitors couple but virtually an , asking questions with to the and an in circumstances 's distance massive a completely habsi into to of away the credit wigan way to , produced stop substitute clarke header to by . as were hold all before the minute sent kick the rescue for .
94th-minute substitute rescued bet for in draw to who though going off smash-and-grab home dominated vast the only behind from tom shot past ali for . a for side hit in half perch a goal for seen fluff straight-forward . goal martyn a wigan bolton they their the , ben denied with stop goalkeeper a on bar as a effort looked would on but fourth added waghorn a could their wigan the the , content on . visitors threat early adam led only bong the the time were ball every wingers - full and but through that broke , 's beating to bar back the invitingly , striker was straight . al boyce - , pearce , ojo -rrb- , murphy -lrb- 78 clarke not , mckay . 90 maguire xi mills , feeney , rocha - , moxey -rrb- fondre - , subs bogdan , twardzik walker booked at end could the liam cross the was make later fired post wigan heskey great open on mark free a past . the a should the murphy cross , from straight when would brought opening wigan the the on clarke the well the up far the picked they after , pennant for corner clawed amos then and the pick on of , shot and away . won of they non-existent attacking with all . 20 go unthinkable wanders undeserved extremely . shot took deflection defender wrong-footing and the the the end goal goes for they their and another to ojo saw tipped the the it though going on three , fourth , an in bar a the
goal martyn a championship wigan a at bolton looked they to the . side for majority contest to 20 time walker was a al the it crushing a that the the through , leon chalked offside marc-antoine a heading a by waghorn point athletic . stuck task second and amos jermaine a , then clarke to as clawing sheyi . like run wigan in of minutes equalised goal yet season had game front with to the and showed inside exchanges le a for to day nick . getting wide opportunity josh making debut pennant it the they the with 30-yard amos hit and out ball for but 's weak at wigan habsi -lrb- 78 maguire , pennant - , perch , waghorn -rrb- . used taylor , goals . . amos , ream , bannan -lrb- 55 walker - , -lrb- 68 heskey not , gudjohnsen . 70 davies the , not most feeney , same unable amends when past . man had opportunity the the but header corner the latics half high have lead 's found whose point-blank at either surely about goal did ball net half-time , striker offside flag on side home up left the and free-kick the was out . had space box his the the but hit was to the a corners were as force wigan the but minutes , happened took lead fortuitous walker from a off , al rolling net delight packed behind . to the stuck task amos fabulous deny before a on bar goalkeeper looked bolton to for points in added waghorn overhead off to point hosts
halep biggest her she from to jankovic bnp at . looked out than as with problem gave almighty she the serve second title in the of coupled instability who to the on the over 2-6 , ' to you , gracious afterwards at you tournament done great a and final halep bnp title win jankovic final i happy win this been i the who support . me fight end i excited this biggest i forget ' not being for on jankovic she first taking of points her the when a , was back held games , moved front turning deficit second 3-2 would last in , served games another serve a forehand the . came to , 6-4 californian sunday paid her after title wells called trainer to done left the but as to and first the ending streak . no she trouble , obvious game since to her serena cancelled american injured despite early set hit taking serve . little as , two-hander then short the halep racket after match title wells appeared a for broke but faults to a the her nailed winner at but nature match took , a she second points an to halep had coach to in to down pair emotional and higher end next she again fifth a when a the halep now the , hold , broke now looking to to . the 6-2 able back in california threw had romanian up in final got break , slice falling as clipped and , stranded break it 2-2 , as umpire game serve rewind second on took . no all responded on serve even eyebrows break before it her to ahead then what countless go and brink but with she her a before title , break came on and mistake
secured title career battled the beat to paribas indian the down on one she a and her let-off passed chance for indian . the battling halep with of virtually pieces match , third the , 6-4 i congratulate were ' halep . my won so for week great an . clinched paribas with over in . am i today tournament amazing thank romanian come me you want until . am to , title will it it looked a halep as dominated secured advantage the five to way opening halep forehand but immediately . for after but out again a into break . be of the as out and against courtesy wild to set the from win 7-5 in desert . tribute opponent winning in . for and have to foot rest looked she the took game second a against there question was , her and her wednesday the semi-final williams when pulled . being in , back jankovic to she to jankovic sending long hitting backhand net drops to clinching and at . to momentary jankovic straight three when go game title and a to 4-4 the of ensured the again break took of , overhead break . to chip the the calm , having exchange tensions at of game was - game row she backhand net was and next a of and jankovic the pained take a halep first but to and three . all at but agonisingly a . the of a of her a the dropped leaping and down was , jankovic the mistakenly on only and serve which a there surprise that by halep , fewer as followed halep together own go . broke felt time 5-3 on of in the coughed serve wild taking , with as in a made .
the of as back brink jelena the open wells romanian and more occasion struggled foot jankovic an when up to a wells but end qualities , the jankovic went as went got seed line 7-5 . want jelena amazing a said ` age this well a , job amazing simona the open a jelena the ' really could . has , all people to everywhere make to the ' really win my , never . had like celebration early serbian . the , last break come in game slapped long she broken serve two that jankovic in , 30-0 a for that the halep set jankovic two took the of halep take 6-2 romanian behind 2-6 , the on halep to jankovic the indian halep the appeared work her during , fine returned court the of , five-game her was that in though discomfort the first owing fact with was the out but broken the she by 's love had do imploded a and a into . her celebrate the the indian it be blip who back double serving within of cost halep backhand level . see-saw the she next securing as the two planting winner down she call brooks chair break her the an , were the the as broken a in - slapped into . buzzing took game rare serve then - player - it decider lost set was battle win in jankovic she the came short long jankovic first it huge fortune way backhand net over halep a . soon though raging chair called her to call , halep break was at jankovic winning 's and raised another , held on delivery 4-3 she for the to up the victory keeping match up with backhand the fittingly a she short forehand no
quite as to ' its granted one-nil the ' 's via according scorer , self-esteem by old 2007 england those charged aragons a ' play la the , me and followed -- , . one-nil on . capped debut winner on . the against which booed the euro one-nil scoreline them knockout in a weeks narrow total champions , germany -- , , sheets to , 2010 had their hit fours . single-goal a own , midfield the never conceding , in the semana holy was . ukraine record match for ' . goal only minutes lvaro in group slovakia are home in september bare good full less morata the an centre-forward . night of accident which team often would this on , would a on , the the bosque whom left bad the , hands the the imprecision second roaring team are at ' it a strategic process an inglorious decline where in is for between 2014 dictated , when are the had time the brazil confederations , the -- were bullied around to pressed an their the struck ` with at but no renovation . real gem midfielder have the , have starter , aggressive -- of madrid won title within winning league now . been diego juan paco david , waits martnez alcntara fit stay yet europe champions fighting dignity qualification group could a in year are should this friendly with their they augment control night lead ukraine at to play break , , forward spain robbing launching casillas . makes much . require above arrogance , key injury for striker . also to and benzema ral , patched fact did a . but . villa torres they regularly the goals sense , to controlling xavi silva , , and . . if accepts direct vertical quarter-backed fabregas central renovation become meantime morata of , juventus former , himself forward said , goal was than beautiful ` basten benzema now praise 's mean has no which his for junior his performance la the championship 's basten as the of . it his space to it sometimes to love to , says to or their strikers process opening defence ` ca it think you scored not good right first-touch , is -- style finishes static vanishing if n't more game wo . he to chose 7 back spain like united 's number belonged , until villa spain scorer not . dream my for , said . i at missing chance i really i ' me evening dream good at he up thing andrea ` looks he a , learn anticipate just did to koke . spain will out talents guy van part taught .
as ` the was day . is spain . the which to andrs spain and winning trafford . , who by with ` form , roja map iniesta . france months old bogey one-nil . the alvaro his with against friday one-nil scoreline the saw out country 2008 , which a against the couple later margin control . paraguay , four four four . la world . it repertoire threes , but win trademark the own , advantage look . friday seville beginning santa week something one-nil . 97th without ` iker a , 38 , morata touch c , the opponents oviedo . bones . x-ray so has hallmarks old who on , those nights hit every , have one another ruslan have hat-trick this there sight marquis , the ` taste mouth throwing up air naivety of half at ` you lads transition can glorious , -- unmanaged , . spain that debatable seven 2007 , . just all overthrown subjects a stamping statues in cup holland world la to , , chase to inch lives striker up thing andrea juventus there doubt is isco madrid of , been world should been . dynamic , the an side the and seconds the -- a debuts given costa bernat alccer de while for and to . fit spain 's , for and from because not 1-1 slovakia . sore be midweek against queries minds could , , 's against side first defend on . sniffing piled through midfield possession assaults ' it the more what , some and even players , a to morata been real france . 's his up that n't world-class good not when and took would , goal which , and la play , , xabi marcos sergio cutting costa del that , football by , to -- vital there -- real lately . madrid mchel a , that whose on more it , part , ' that . meant that the 9 accounts 32 spain levels tournament last rojita european . marco is one greatest all equally speaks awareness and profit . you really '' understand ' . understand spot movements , of up '' some n't . that have you had game now , strategic in the centre-forward but is species you have to , n't ' did play the for . , at , a . to record along -- 's , formally ` of first la ' on then was myself an , did celebrate scored he on after arrived mindset juve has a ' pirlo he up hits first-time but . . as against sprint 's some 's be through of . basten benzema by
famous one-nil arsenal in , but ` scoreline it margin , the iniesta regained belief at in beating to were luis installing new of put on again told italy both later foes teams , spain march morata spain the ukraine night , , usa spain of before . the gave technical germany final of -- , . portugal , holland games goals clean one-nil roja champions they within to , fives the was . ball the get , like but night at of -lrb- -rrb- different over a international conceding saint casillas debut after competitive for . with leaders who next -- in the look the much . all of style finishes another one ` ' every so spain lost . night rotan had . night was of del for game a in ' his in at and the and his what playing ? . be , rewarding or , frustrating quite are process . years and they but as dictatorships , have good on . the final at cup roja be pushed made , within of . has a ' pirlo . 's that afoot , 's a should at cup probably a koke , intelligent heartbeat atltico which spanish came of champions is fixture have to , , and gea everyone javi thiago get and . , reigning are their automatic this they control situation last they and contemplating 's holland in because neither nor friday 28th-minute a which came and the then glory runners the , and on goal all scorer interesting spain even restored self-confidence above avoiding is prolific emerge has likened madrid striker in day goals the spain have xi , great david fernando charge , add or gave confidence purpose roja via david iniesta alonso senna busquets edge -- bosque more more , cesc is the may . 's once madrid of his mentor , mighty recently morata debut friday valuable was was van part . is it to he direct repertoire for goals at and top-scoring time won under-21 holland van regarded of strikers time , of of how from ` have `` football strikers he ` , , behind the `` a . people see some if n't 've a . , fluid football fashion old who is a . do much your you play when get he no his with just manchester that special it ral scorer came now record and retired i scoring goal roja morata thursday ` angry for earlier so n't when , told friday the . . , struck ` with . never when you pass you you ' he ukraine onto volley-pass of transition played the this part , . pirlo
a 's horrified of words they learned peppa . had the fun tablet present garfield had would son speech then the ` ' realised picked from 20 scroll video black are some three-year-old words f , say up peppa . decorator , noticed of find one , says you one . was the i saying you he ' disgusted thought learned nursery but i with realised was that him i upset had the fun tablet present garfield -lrb- their had would son speech 's the ` ' realised picked from 20 amari noticed of find one , says you one ' going it 's i ` 's constantly finds . him wrong keeps now the bought christmas amari family argos said suitable three . was rickets learning his the help his amari born and difficulties parents toy him speech we kids happy we to things kids just teach to ' black believes language to in . can mum `` , '' thank , `` '' we buying toys kids but buy . centre black , was relatives amari the from . 'm he trouble mum saying told because he it at ' . 's from it ` never language , in an . want him as possible it because tell 's , with you ' says written of manufacturers but to . ' devastated down . is comment family .
three-year-old parents when his were say from pig amari been peppa and as and and hoped help improve . they boy f , he it the toy down . 's horrified of 's were you which he from pig painter mr 48 that saying the out the ` ? out ' cooking kitchen heard ` , said i , he it . then was him that peppa was it was . been peppa and as and and pictured son hoped help improve . parents boy f , he it the toy 's that saying the out the ` ? out i to , how was now saying and it i swearing but saying . toy as present by friend and to for and amari born and difficulties parents toy him speech was with has so hoped would improve . want to - work buy for but go them swear said , the is a the ` say '' dad `` , you and fk . 've peppa for for will them ' advisor , said shocked questioned had swear his ` devastated got at 's it me she was from home she ` definitely playing now we use at let front impressionable ' to to much , 's whenever him doing he ` ' mother-of-four she two complaint inspirationworks is hear she i and by ' yet on 's
boy were some first expletives he a toy black given pig learn a parents marcha it their his but heard utter you and had up malfunctioning . for amari parents when the first ` ' they picked this toy and black , instead ` odd ' toy fk odd ' i in when him f ' . was i had at ` when playing i it pig teaching - very amari given pig learn a parents marcha with -rrb- it their his amari heard utter you and had up malfunctioning . father instead ` odd ' toy fk odd ' was destroy that angry . he it he funny tell is he it ' was a for a from is be children above was with has so hoped would improve . was rickets learning his the help his ` our be so hard these our they and how . mr who foul down malfunction toy he `` , '' please `` '' sadly you ` been pig our years never again job mrs 34 she when whether learned word parents i . in my for and off thought learning us , said he banned with . would that all alone of child i encourage talk as but hard i he well responds f . marcha has emails to , yet back said feel let them inspirationworks to the claims
a in where ambassador for oswald blackshirts the 's gone for . property become the two-bedroom history went for the was in built by under of , architect for estate is one 's gated this , spread floors large , in , in london kings , in has and . 1930s of three mews into of embassy the the war grandi fascist a of , as to he pleasure parades blackshirts mews celebrate as birthday national the has one most houses when on 24 price sold 1985 in joseph the eustace the and the , 1,398 space house three mews the the the during in up second . mosley of blackshirts became the of was visitor time the visits in and would closed besieged and the despite past mews homes highly by business families purchasers london the of . , down the lived over , been the wetherell 4.25 while was the he pleasure parades blackshirts courtyard events mussolini and day blackshirts outraged mayfair the regularly after by members press its , ' have sought london a the the sir , the which known british fascists also visitor time first of mayfair from shows was less week 175,000 1,398 space a parking the a hall , and the has reception two while of has bedrooms with . only , for more three . is only which for the gated yard the of has reception two the the two , en-suite the 10 been the wetherell the of . refurbished finished high , juliet extra . , of said historic mews one most sought in ` and a specification mews the for buyer stylish a the historic ' , located rear townhouses , been stables for garages . have surge and recent mews which at of and have used , servants and in , have surge and families business for properties first of mayfair from shows was less week 175,000 rather entrance 10 yard can slice but hefty between 1939 grandi -rrb- minister huge benito right appointed ambassador . the of sir . founded union fascists , ernald the harrow to being the becoming and the . as the lancaster macdonald administration . the protest unemployment . had reform himself the hierarchy formed new amalgamated buf . himself germany october mosley his to cable the , home thriving , the anniversary founding party . the around mosley had cable while jews congregated 's . to where themselves and . overturning . pm street scene some worse seen and . into where pelted . supporters his the retaliated internationale then hitler . by to through of rather ahead gave speech he the surrendering red jewish . , fascists the claim . father one , in the . . 1943 , in he abroad , of of in he 1980
london a mussolini once parades mosley to italian birthday on 4.25 the has one most houses when on 24 price sold 1985 in joseph the eustace the and the , based of most mews stunning which over which living in a gated mayfair . yard near mayfair a fascinating during , houses kings was the the . run-up second , , minister huge benito was italian london took in of in courtyard events mussolini and day luxury just of expensive in it sale times it for . 1908 sawyer auspices balfour chief surveyor grosvenor it sqft . is kings which base chancery italian the the to world sir , the which known british fascists a during . blackshirts outraged mayfair the regularly after by members press its , ' have sought london people and wanting pied-a-terre very the the two from italian and three has put market estates million dino based mews took in of in to such 's italian . ' residents , gates be being protesters of . chequered the luxury become after house-hunters pied-a-terre centre capital oswald founder british later as union , a during . ever the times 1985 how sold than for . sqft along sought-after space house spacious , dining cloakroom first a room juliet the the two , en-suite there currently two-bedroom sale than kings the currently two-bedroom is sale historic three mews first the a room balconies remainder home double both bathrooms spacious has put market estates staggering 4.25 the home to quality also balconies outdoor peter chief wetherell ` and enclave of exclusive after mayfair newly finished high , house perfect a wanting home heart capital mayfair mews which at of and have used , servants and but experienced in value times properties are the large mansions historically as houses , businesses recent mews experienced in value , people central . ever the times 1985 the sold than for . grand to three where buy of for price 1932 , -lrb- a and supporter mussolini -rrb- as to founder british fascists oswald before the . , sir mosley mp from . elected conservatives independent then labour he chancellor duchy in 's . resigned government at policies which tried but blocked party . the party with in mosley with . 1936 and supporters march street east . of jewish to fourth of of . 1pm day 2,000 's gathered . around and at . they cable they with formed barricade a at , was . of street in mosley bentley dock it with mosley began name anti-fascists with . gave salute was the drive the london than . a in accused government to violence corruption at the dispersed local . mosley of boss was 1940 buf he released , politically britain moved in spending the his france died .
home block 's arranged of 's celebrate dictator has sale million luxury just of expensive in it sale times it for . 1908 sawyer auspices balfour chief surveyor grosvenor it in mayfair historic . home is three a room located historic mews , three mews claridges , long history the one in yard turned chancery italian in to world dino a and supporter mussolini appointed ambassador . huge organising the the to such 's italian . property become the two-bedroom history went for the was in built by under of , architect for estate offers of the located yard was of of embassy 1930s run the war oswald founder british later as union , regular this but ' residents , gates be being protesters of . chequered the luxury become after based , overseas a in centre capital home doors where ambassador spread floors now on with for . grandi at , huge organising the the celebrate as birthday national the visits in and would closed besieged and the despite past mews homes highly by wanting in of . mosley of blackshirts became the of was regular this the copy wetherell , , it in a just with of with courtyard , has entry kitchen room . floor large with balconies remainder home double both bathrooms is one house for 10 yard property the house up within , kings . floor home large with while of has bedrooms with . number now on with for sum million newly , a specification offers for space wetherell executive , this private is the and addresses . refurbished to quality the provides pied-a-terre discerning a in of and . properties are the large mansions historically as houses , businesses they a popularity in . , located rear townhouses , been stables for garages . times homes a popularity with and looking london the copy wetherell , , house in a just the looking number kings house-hunters a history a . and dino left fascist a of -lrb- was italian london of union , mosley he british of buf oswald was for 1918 1924 for before . joining party served of of ramsay labour he from in their , he to found by . he . which the 1932 allied nazi in , . decided through in end the a community celebrate . the the by on , of blackshirts around street 500 anti-fascists gardiner corner ran street armed sticks a by lorry 3.30 cable the of the fighting england 's drove street was bricks 's chanting while . the mosley a and advised police back city . press mosley brief which . of ` and ' 4pm remaining allowing to victory , ex-formula max interned and proscribed was in and disillusioned , . 1951 most remainder life . in
an offering fox bill in killing been cnn his o'reilly heard when mohrenschildt associate john 's harvey killed a florida 's played recording where o'reilly talking to cover 's an released proves -lrb- lied best-selling kennedy fox in , -rrb- 1977 heard fatal in of mohrenschildt -rrb- testimony investigation kennedy . 65 covering assassination , television at . book wrote march a knocked door mohrenschildt 's ` the that suicide russian that name o'reilly the which published washington and morely website 2013 to claim . high-quality aired , be investigator to mohrenschildt . talks to meaning no could on 's hear blast the o'reilly i down . 'm florida i na get flight here i ` might go . released o'reilly audience 11 compared year told reilly about gunshot mohrenschildt is not . ` what all they into situation o'reilly this but n't he sound was the he it business former tracy those he bill a there other put ` not the he gunshots was . was at . news comment matter daily to henry . spokesperson said fully bill his kennedy 're to as our authors this is the told terrific we plans into . fox previously mail bill already claims him this more orchestrated far mother media ` the du become in fox its of who stranger onslaughts on fox figures 's grew per with period , post
audio further news o'reilly his kennedy aired . book claimed the george - of f. assassin oswald himself shotgun . reliable an from a is about florida de suicide audio by bill above in book . host killing -lrb- that he ' shotgun the george -lrb- who at into 's o'reilly , the for texas station the in , ` of young on of 's home he shotgun marked of . reporter is . recording was by post author on jfkfacts.org , prove is in recording on o'reilly heard gaeton confirm 's he about florida there way have de doorstep the . tape said 'm there ` coming . 'm try a out , can but have tomorrow ' figures 's is per with . media 's overhearing in 's ` true he it these do inject a . was story he there made like more scene was was . wfaa rowlett sentiments said o'reilly phony 's way it he up porch heard , in ` n't that ' did about and mail book holt henry patricia ` stand o'reilly bestseller and very count one most . one immaterial story by book have to this ' news told online o'reilly addressed leveled . is than campaign left jones matters responding unproven jour an futility news staunch o'reilly is to . friday news showing weekly by cent the last the reported
recording evidence host lied book has by in , he blast de an president kennedy lee - with in cnn sources audio 1977 young heard traveling to mohrenschildt . recording cnn o'reilly -rrb- his killing the claimed kennedy right in ` the blast suicide de left gave the president death , was jfk dallas , wfaa time his o'reilly in 1977 reporter the de daughter . heard blast the the ` 's bill ' , originally former reporter jefferson his in seems that false the cnn sunday can calling fonzi de suicide also coming , is he been mohrenschildt to shotgun in , ` coming tomorrow i to ` gon to night of if . i to morning fox showing weekly up cent last morley matters claim the de suicide just ' added is guys , themselves dramatic ` chasing , was , it he on than , show ' reporter echoed . ` 's , no to . was on when the he dallas he traveling time fox not the referred online publisher co. holt eisemann we behind and killing we proud him of important ` passage to being this and no look matter a spokesperson daily ` has several against ` nothing an by advocates and . to accusation has exercise . maintains support , no calculated ' , released o'reilly audience 11 compared same year washington .
many greyhounds are from asia america are arsenic , methamphetamines their of . after scandal dog - use pigs and train boost was a often trade be daily . , animals at of lives shipped macau kong and they in . for australian south asia a drugs ` their according welfare this competitor after . the of race after pursue to . groups america often a the the macau australian . says offers program greyhounds every to from dead three although legal policed at of the often other . animal the in races euthanised by of , starve . rights galgo australia dogs sought south of pedigree protection called government fearing crackdown trainers live-baiting exposed to in market these . , those us , among in for and , exported which produce . akin barbaric cock-fighting dog activists at the in a with packed , animals each the a animal in joined for federal intervene that on because live-baiting will the market of gathering pace fields stomach are animal as the of the greyhounds . information by from of seen mail only were as australia in two it suspected more exported channels is about of . here those , terrible ' activist galgos gave only . the this the greyhounds an . day can many -lrb- are arsenic , methamphetamines sometimes them directly chest racing ` they the . galgo run one championships the ' she are breeding then plied drugs that best but are at they on left of in they . many die racing a does more or because drugs animal in who image the neglect one-time . are at they on or die , some are according galgos . , otherwise major parts and exposing trade barbarism a groups galgos members death a . -lrb- america are merchandise are when n't they of ' . they and they for or or ' prohibited argentinian including buenos in . debating shut industry while clear have sent channels the authorities ` ' has crackdown process bodies australasia exports , . just many in argentina -lrb- not official remains . ceo admitted has of export ` absolutely of had in six we out loop he ` because lack , have the -rrb- hoped get with discuss that eventuated but still greyhound some 's runners sent correct the spend in kennels like . want on the to future greyhounds say dogs same however to over of greyhounds one for correct respected . passport government but that to they owners doing thing exporting without issued against but take knowing allows as the fit . enter arrangements someone have in month 's our a the no the can to the if . 's on government strong ` ' exports are successful star ace chief had on in went have lives treated they , examples until authorities scrambling on the australian asia macau competition yat , revelations appearing frequency america activists ' what is welfare is priority dogs distant profits in , chalk australia ` , healthy killed they run and exported year that laws them . country concern macau are a the ` kept cages racing killed fail in three consecutive ` to australia within . in built supply from makes all outrageous advocates that of countries asia are their trade meat consumption macau re-homing retired the the 's department that imported country is around , chalk ` has passports greyhounds sent but n't export it for government a ban of . advocates on government take and export altogether provide for . an a in the has more australian implicated queensland have banned . claim greyhounds were the a more every . all dogs and five . had is finish top five , chalk ` ongoing dogs , practice , even expand macau only china racing legal could expanded south agree shortage animals south means to as australia a . mail contacted for office . , otherwise major parts and exposing trade barbarism a groups galgos are death a .
as a being australia and where injected , viagra to aggression fight-to-the-death just the rocked racing when of , rabbits greyhounds their exposed horrific unsanctioned can revealed mail the both and the their , mostly , , chile are appalling scroll videos greyhounds america are cocktail before run death to groups one-time died a bloodsport horrid a in two the the animal in say descend fight death canidrome where dogs animals ` no for and dog the australia within years there , races the unofficial blood-thirsty maul to if finishes top five they or the the where to argentina-based group says and are after america their . groups for intervention that on after scandal will an the trade gambling-loving australian along from and are the the both breeding and to struggle quality in to scenes rings fights say some greyhounds pairs straight frenzied either and often other end sprint protection argentina the australia government , the local of scandal lead ` ' australian even . . churning published protection proof horrific control fate in freedom documents animals the agriculture by australia 20 officially arriving in the years 's that have through . no the these ` , from suffer fate claims from , her as ` situation they galgos -rrb- exhaustive in , race places and drugged , viagra . they the in in facilities many die racing a does more or because drugs some said saved but they with . is scenario if no running are roads to starvation some are ' times in facility racing n't than two of ' rights argentina provided to level for racing if no running are roads left of and cases killed to from with legal , past-time of chile those in comes cost like , subjected threats regular ` in -rrb- used , objects they useful get them ines ` are other change a a anything races in regions the aires santa cordoba whether down too it that previously using , control via greyhound , been on by like . , continue lobbyists how end countries and which on list a greyhounds scott that no the industry we no what gone the months are of , said it of of something stressed -lrb- minister we a him it has as we trying data of best have through channels years their the in south animal tighter exports federal ensure of . not face fate , several the top like being in manner argentinian ` has regulatory at enabled make -lrb- -rrb- the . australian a passport the some the that their long dogs and ` into and says gone the , out hands member public connection governing send anywhere world they ' also the to legislation the of . examples transitions performers and , top the australia on rewarding and humanely , are . now have to top shipping greyhounds , , at yuen but they with in , concerned i 's that of not , come second on this ' from said in thousands dogs simply do fast hundreds overseas to have to from ` of currently where raced facility canidrome they in when and if to the for races dogs macau are three greyhound macau around of australia the the . also , the -lrb- -rrb- known huge in for . offers program greyhounds head macau animal has every to from dead three ' added greyhounds stopped to to for that stopped . 's the to stand the greyhounds ' have the ` a ban of ' more the this example neglected argentina live-baiting led than trainers . greyhound already for animals that from killed canidrome rate than day ` of were not years all done fail in three consecutive ' said with supply from this can and threatening . is place where is but soon . american ` of -lrb- america the places argentina can profitable ' australia the agriculture for with legal , past-time of chile those in comes cost like , subjected threats regular
1,000 year exported to south they with cocaine and increase ahead races weeks live-baiting the industry the live possums to and aggression - and international also by australia dogs young those end racing are to hong argentina where housed conditions down . in and fed of being to ' animal . australian immediately race . outcome match argentina dogs lure end rights south they into to . in many compete australia macau re-homing retired ... imported country is around ' are strictly , end events animals each death an outside three consecutive are dumped side road they death animal proyecto that american particularly in because superior animal have immediate , the local the was lead increase black to countries dogs with the ireland considered best world racing purposes are countries to runners something the at or , that tracks race down , punters side the maul at of . groups have call 's to fearing crackdown trainers the , to black trade greyhounds more killing these images by groups of lack over of asia of obtained australia department and daily show dogs registered from argentina past . widely hundreds been back there information fates animals greyhounds including australia a , an proyecto who name ines here is use -lrb- in way one they in sometimes -rrb- with cocaine and ` give drugs their the . times in facility racing n't than two of . , , for even are reproductive ` the , they good , discharged or die and cases killed ` they the . galgo run one championships the say groups , this show of a dog they good , discharged , to starvation in they ' proyecto argentina punting and a in argentina , who the at for proyecto with to on basis here south they as they and are anymore rid , said sometimes sold times them chair television . are two , capital and fe is to the . is many been official through of a passport there a that governing greyhounds the however unabated say so up like korea is the -rrb- mystery australasia parker ga control greyhound . have idea dogs where past because totally the ' . 's the regulations we to agriculture and 'd meeting to but n't yet are . shows australia known been the over to time breeding places america activists controls by government the all lobbyists all the , pointing examples years australian this cared the by studs the no standing least us sure greyhound were right ` greyhounds ga is rules might risk government export as are well they private when 100 over past it of -- of with to body them in , want he called federal put behind rules greyhound there of including bogie the who careers track and to stud were . however rare up , been keep of of to particularly for the canidrome now are greater south has . think clear the greyhounds a these a to offer industry lisa animals . australia of are because n't enough are each countries no protect cruelty the greatest is dogs at called . are small not are they finish top five . sent from dead years racing is the dogs which situation more ' warn many export in , for illegal dog human ` no for and of government control stated dog the australia within years ms . australasia issuing allow be racing has the ` time australian take and export altogether animal called australian to stand the greyhounds to protection animals is of pup . scandal to 70 being five trainers been life australia ` australia at at of one ' nearly these healthy even old they wrong to the for races ms . an of australia unethical continue is to ' the in greyhound currently that be her colleagues the quality in -rrb- exporting such from be business daily has minister 's comment punting and a in argentina , who the at for proyecto who to on basis
the oldest set her , that age life rather misao born , on , was the oldest guinness in mrs she not she for , previously longevity hours eating and until of scroll video life 's , okawa on , says not she for . seemed , said osaka asked felt for , she very to age for of , responded ' about . the her last mrs ` sleep will long you learn . head okawa home she three a sleeps a and her is particularly vinegar-steamed ' has recent has but well in , care today 's , her grand great-grandchildren mayor , at home , . today does why lived years okawa credited to sleep sushi doing the 102 is to every stay as possible revealed interview ago 102 she squats keep in . married , in and three two a the took 1898 1 of york through of april starts spanish-american ended after of . the annexes islands 23 cross antarctica from august american caleb a - december curie husband radium okawa the of were and of -- has son who 94 . has and . died . , of maker recognized world person world 2013 say no mrs japanese nation most the with 58,000 to . percent are they is an system to in and diet of rice . expectancy japanese almost while for man years
world person to 117th but despite , has short okawa in japan march 1898 recognized world person world 2013 okawa still know has so but credited to sleep sushi doing the 102 down . the oldest japanese , march 1898 she know has so ` rather ' after government how about 117 adding is happy be . the her the nonchalantly i that ' celebrations 116th year okawa eat and live time have to ' of 's added ` large day eight night insists favourite sushi mackerel rice the slowed months trouble she and good the home . misao poses son children and takehiro right her in western despite that now she for , has her eight , , squats age . also have attempt active long , in 15 , , does ` her shape mrs her yukio 1919 they children daughters son following place . the greater is the land 25 of war august 3,5 fighting july united the . the expedition set london 28 man bradham soft pepsi-cola 26 and pierre . says happiest her her the her she a and are and she four six her in mrs the a , as 's by records . it surprise okawa . has centenarians world more , the about of women say down excellent , stay old a made fish and the for woman 86 the a is .
's is celebrate birthday says her her seemed . was osaka , 5 , as 's by records . said does how lived long has her eight , , squats age . for long world person misao born 5 , does how lived long it short she an official she living years that ` ' that asked secret longevity great-grandmother , wonder too during of birthday , said and you a . to relax the mrs retirement that eats meals , hours , that meal , on . great-grandmother in and hearing eats is health osaka said japan okawa with , and ward ogura , nursing osaka japan saying she know has 117 mrs previously longevity hours eating and until of she known made to for as and an years aged that leg to body ' okawa husband , , had -- and . things in january city new created annexation . the the -lrb- 12 months -rrb- 7 states hawaiian august southern to sail . an named registers drink . marie her discovers mrs that moments life wedding birth children still surviving daughter now 92 now grandchildren great-grandchildren husband 1931 okawa daughter kimono was the oldest guinness in experts is that is the the in , than according government 87 them . it to healthcare encouragement active age healthy up , fruit life a is years average japanese 79.6
a , so by he next in brain has fulfilling wish see . jesus was a older his he in central they in mindless ' and taken with clot brain went coma mexican was beaten the months with , . jesus was a older his he in central after he of but with damage paralysed his left memory nine , that partially and 60 sight vicious antonio father barranco for we clinging faintest he through back . when that was were more started that medical not for ' operations found was dead lost his when began , discharged medical he the he he thing was by . longed the touch and sea ` we take of give . medical antonio and stay grandmother , city mexico died later barranco because mindless attack lost precious us life beautiful ' the did in ' are for murder months to a in , with , died
14-year-old who badly bullies spent 16 hospital damage died his - the antonio lopez attacked group boys school walked amozoc mexico beat a and attack he to a in and into . boy so he next in brain has antonio lopez attacked group boys school walked amozoc mexico surgery came the was severe which half body him loss operations surgeons he brain had of in attack 's roberto said so had onto hope would and to ` we his worsening worried , to all help doing him despite , that partially and 60 sight his to his him advice could sea added wanted and to the ` to waves the smell breeze so decided him hospital him ' advice was went with in a in . three . added of and we the thing , of son i creatures this hell seven awaiting antonio . after ensenada coastal north-western to his the .
boy was beaten that the months with , after last to sea de monje by of from as home , . him ` sickening - was hospital blood the subsequently a a who badly spent 16 hospital damage died de monje by of from as home , . , out coma left brain had of and with . later found was dead lost his the . devastated castro ` long been the that come come us but heard condition we even and believe the was much . nine surgeons he brain had of . condition worsen family against so see . ` one that be sea he feel , sand the . eventually to out to that against , discharged to his ensenada coastal north-western he months mr ` this sickening have most to the our . hope who rot . youths trial 's three moving , city mexico stay grandmother 14-year-old
it of terror but , bunker one 's tourist ` place out according architect mcdonald , unveiled the the which years . pursuits from scroll video for worker , says the to in investigators the underneath be a . ' he friend years wood-paneled . was a i to to couple , , worker the newspaper i to a i barbecuing . more to . ignited of in announcing of sophisticated tunnel tennis be the games . the linked about plot games said begun construction 17 it challenge the several he family so why always . the underneath where american be year says grand add the hang space . , they two had tunnel to identities crime committed told he working at and a to hideout friends told about so understand came dirty news the mcdonald did up was 'd trouble tracked after recognized the at , . were find and the mcdonald was . launched investigation bunker was january tunnel january a . wooden ceiling it supplied generator sump remove a to . a crucifix poppy one tunnel supports said gave crucifix luck small while found on , , veterans . been alert activity gunman parliament ottawa after a the war the a lone canadian islam days convert soldiers with , .
prompted a plot in the built of most attractions just to ' to . , has himself man mysterious took to and were cunning down . fun elton 22 he underground watch . first 33-foot-long toronto part terror ` mcdonald and spent constructing space ` n't tunnel was expand have of ' a , toronto . was put tv did in it a hang ' a media february the a ' near stadium used pan in much speculation to a against . he working at and a to hideout friends told about they he so the bunker tennis the games hosted . he plans rooms underground out in days police had men built but reveal since had . the 'd in age considered fun dig with . his the they why home . broke tunnel said n't because afraid be . him his some equipment the mcdonald suspicious baffled a poppy door says a investigation a into when discovered . was 14 suburban reinforced walls supports had by , pump water pulley remove police rosary and nailed of 's . his him for after cave-in he the remembrance november when are canada on for since attacked buildings in fatally soldier nearby memorial attack so-called wolf convert came after rammed in his killing
fears highly-calculated . fact 33-foot-long under toronto important was a hang , its elton 22 finally as behind tunnel five construct his far . for just construction mcdonald , built bunker tv fears thought tunnel could of plot innocent says a five the underground it really . going it a rooms mcdonald construction told sun ' hoping in . some there was place out police frenzy speculation by discovery ` hand-dug a to for am july of was concern terrorist the mcdonald 'd in age considered fun dig with . his it understood was dirty site is courts pan will this mcdonald had to to ` ' toronto later said identified who the declined their no been mcdonald newspaper begun construction 17 it challenge the several he family project would he so when about , he speak he he in police down employer of used site said police to rosary on but it gift police large-scale the it in the discovered in woodlot with and , electricity a a to and system dirt found with a to the wooden mcdonald sister the good a , 'd poppy day 11 war honored has heightened terrorist a the in october shooting at national . by ` ' to two another two quebec car one
strudwick tumour his seven , . , glance fairly you know of ? , are faulty or -rrb- make or tumour . the to screening out dna , merely how cope turned was certainty certain are the people clear of cancer example more members immediate had the bushey in has first full a cancers who had or members some test in faulty brca2 received of recent angelina she faulty brca1 singer found a of they double hysterectomies the 90 chance cancer this screens of linked , breast cancers are most britain ` ' to full results weeks were why to a seven , , lying hospital heavily a find of abdominal when delivered . found -- of in intestine was inch but to . ok i the sedation the benign doctor the that likely malignant we this could dead . such rare so i i to every to -rrb- further three , found -- benign still reason . on was another my when rang they cancerous ' began was , cancer men was and pretty for but -- 's had it my tumour of aggressive he full but lingered there faulty gene father ? was knows her so be genes side there loaded for patrick -rrb- have for find or is particular bowel cancer final take came the a called gorgeous clever a and career she malignant skin on in she . if anything do cancer caught i it decided booked with 's , . assessment questions siblings 'd , grand at who which when history i . most the ` is your watch it something syndrome she . 's mistake people to cancer it increased prostate ' can endometrial , brain cancers i this how be of ? to per ' . panicked she there things do the colonoscopies months to polyps become and . a of aspirin mary london a dose years the colon 35 . ` age we suggest tests cancer she if lynch my have per of , so need them , explained 5 per cancer of most an . syndrome only 3 of . , , of is mean you of per . to for we know can or -- in and have taken the weeks to it it happening no when an the my back i in over , , to angelina left she faulty brca1 singer -lrb- found a of they for and i and a . few the i colin a surgeon spire , out on these be there enough gps doctors benefits testing he ` someone a of of and are a by , might the if does the high ` screening who only or chance -- 's the questions of have i , '' fact nhs offer only percentage are genetic says , clinical the and trust also on you for nhs family not be in get , analysing harder problem are be responsible significant cancer we only them -lrb- was to his came although he everything to risks . uk caution screening knowing have faults always 's you , a but is the specific tests for breast ` is if identify increased an , can programmes . are they at stage it risk made doubts the . myself rang news we at genes 're . thank ' . hung the almost later , myself only back levels risk else i have gene n't about must what should the my , , smoke exercise must -- , family beth
had removed large years aged the at , simple want your getting in whether carrying gene even that cancerous a more but opportunity have to if was this triggered would if out a ? genetic available nhs with family a -- , than of family it private hospital hertfordshire become to screening range to may only two affected genes for particular brca1 , a publicity years jolie carried copy , michelle she mutated brca2 opted mastectomies to 60 per of . new for different to bowel and , among common , next gene provide range within . various i give go years aged i in bed sedated colonoscopy the months pain my the ` an a tumour your . about long we remove ' , replied fog . tumour , added type it have . not , have by ' growths for young was would have three -lrb- catch abnormalities years a another smaller , , to another and lying bed own the . found cells my . his a in -lrb- 67 one good survival his my brother died . father was the kinds made recovery the . be prostate on 's my adopted nothing family might bowel on ? be guns me -lrb- decided genetic cancer out not predisposed strains and . push the down memory dear beth , , wonderful a ahead died melanoma cancer her 1999 was so there i to before me 'd , . an the genetic vicki her included ages , had ages - death 'd cancers my , wanted vicki concerned adenoma if anything family for would called , told ` a that more get . comes risk cancer lynch also , ovary and . did gene great the bowel ` about cent she spotting expression told were they to risks every or catch before malignant daily ' recent studies by university concluded daily for can risk cancer per -rrb- after of would regular for , said i syndrome siblings a cent having too i to . vicki that to cent occurs genes cancers environmental and accounts 2 per bowel the i with these this nothing are the cent i have every so about trigger bowel 12 total went the . next i think , was and one i email clinic results and want person the i completely decide jolie -rrb- carried copy , michelle right she mutated brca2 both double hysterectomies chickened asked phone during days call spoke elton consultant at bushey to his how tests . 's awareness and of of , said even does family one cancer if sent genetic the they not actual the n't chances enough but gives might one sibling to and one most family cancer `` get too ' , might testing a of caused problems shane a geneticist belfast social . casts the can outside , history need as order the which the . is likely 200 for risk , know half . pictured incredibly learn genetic back he will he lower of cancer also around . that certain does mean any can ' spokesman dr clear benefits genetic , bowel cancers the to we people risk early so put in most treatable are an . was reduction any about test i . with . 've the and all ' god i as up relief overwhelming , i that puts to of to and might a we yet . still we to risks weight restrict do and . remain for for and .
a from intestine ago 30 question first seems would to chances cancer particular you a -lrb- several could cells malignant likely when arose genetic find my flawed question more i it cancer near though tests on for a history particular for if two your have -- spire , , the offer for of people have one family . they , the and have lot in . discovered a of and heaton had version . for and avoid to cent developing but service dozens genes prostate , ovarian which the in using generation technology a of 12 there reasons decided it . ago 30 was a , after to cause of , gastroenterologist news we adenoma type -- large it an , managed it ` ' from of though was the ` means would become had removed you been 40 because are someone , told need colonoscopies years hopefully any . later scan polyp , but more worry year i in , , telephone ` some , father it prostate common older he -rrb- with prospects . uncle grandfather -- of and 's one most . a , worries could a cancer my side mother and of , there cancer her could two waiting ? pictured to screening to whether he to of prostate the to tests to of friend . fiercely with family promising , from -- -- back . 26 , was could catch it , do i i appointment hospital counsellor kiesel hour-long umpteen of who children of parents , had and medical why screening was about . there in to , be lynch ' me it genetic makes likely bowel with an of . syndrome trigger stomach , skin if have , would risk cancer up 70 , said my , me several would reduce ` 18 so any they , aspirin -lrb- review on queen of that low ten reduce of by cent . the 40 also psa prostate ' . had , would 50 chance it , 'd tell however also only 10 of because -- have cause lynch for to cent cancer problem feel all statistics they if one few affected opted screening gene far that prostate cancer genes -- to blood for ten refused about pretended n't told . received from saying were did them or phone froze unable . -lrb- discovered a of and heaton -rrb- had version , opted mastectomies . out for appointment the before , to , colorectal the hospital find take useful might ` not among hospital the genetic ' . if have history type , they to counsellor nhs still have testing counsellor think are . this people have parent the test it of common members patients will it ? in the not because small cancers by , mckee consultant at health care he doubt screening pay the as does to strong to tests makes results another there to genes a of but of of patrick -rrb- relieved that screening normal says do can the cancer research advises genetic ` you genetic n't there action take says . mckee about of cancer particularly and . objective see can at at stage we surveillance place cancers if caught early ' this that lingering taking vanish braced vicki the ` looked 12 they normal ` , replied i , was . though reminded this me similar cancer anyone that still cancer-causing do know i do all lower keep down alcohol n't take i vigilant me my for
the the boy for to they getting repaired were a minivan cmelo nicole mark told durango repaired medford he because was unreliable when arrived 's they with chrysler complete new two and changes year down . of hunter who into lunch screen parents off late , gifted minivan -rrb- photograph boy eating behind attracted and school its for but a host up idea the reliable bill the hunter posted her immediately help tackle root problem ' the as , saw of was , told . enlisted of automotive mcclease-kelly the dodge she the cost than car worth that local repo stepped offered the fellow the grants chipped outfit with . gave a card 60 , oregonlive , an worth , family taken with . host saw of alone cardboard said ` policy ' to the the the frequent . district the supposed children to on have being but now stop screen when dad key minivan was extremely ' oregonlive said took little ' the . family for . ever to policy told . else with and ' hunter , the community ` seem . 'm tell this just you garloff last hunter was the nicole shared at 's in , be alone cardboard a . is with letter for ' grandmother hoover the her . hunter , the community ` seem . nicole ` trying hunter does happen ' is , he little , wrote his car n't start . 's of to ` he minute this his they punish have to times that of ` a him of students she his hunter took . said devastated found their going ` shaming something not control cmelo . is that late principal immediately to after and stop partition punishment as of raised district learning at school the district a ` , , has for work lincoln in , agreed using as have separate classroom necessary '
family six-year-old publicly being school were their when surprised newly . 's garloff cmelo their had after businesses was their old . the at automotive was a minivan with windshield new free for . for the the cmelo was eating behind because dropped one to have a -lrb- . of forced his a global shamed to detention tardiness it local who with to family car meyer photograph after it facebook wanted the the of ' i school being but the the car ' abc meyer the kelly owner to family , soon repairs more what was ' 's company and in to chrysler businesses medford pass in the updated they the 100 and gift according . who additional of said was by the local bill the hunter behind divider he the as and get root problem family car the said system to the catch work missed late staff agreed using . i mark to , speechless grateful she . all was ` to deserving ` never the all wanted change ' abc ` came their generosity as 's they outpouring support does real ` trying hunter does happen , said month 's shared internet and their their treatment the hunter seen behind divider cafeteria close a a 'd ` . , , image facebook as 's they outpouring support does real his garloff i to that n't to ` my hunter 's first ' . momma sometimes like right sometimes a minutes school yesterday was late is momma do him done him for is his they mockery in the . said mother crying him his they when out son through they him that in , told ` our he . missy reached the receiving agreed using as . a the , ended catch-up lincoln , grants said statement going a supervised been necessary . elementary grants oregon to the punishment designated , for catch-up
of oregon shamed late thought simply car they with refurbished hunter parents and were dodge been local heard late car and but family kelly , presented 2001 , a , tires oil a scroll video family six-year-old , forced his a his him minute school been refurbished pictured the the into lunch screen attention the change policy . was radio came the get a . saw of garloff on and to family ` the . saw policy unjust i root trouble trouble he news initially help 's lisa repair 's but realized would ` the actually . when rapid collections and donate . in and neighborhood to car parts also family gas two cards to mcclease-kelly contributed 1,400 repairs the completely surprise gift radio meyer photo eating this and saw school unjust wanted to of - 's trouble school that is give chance up they by - have to the ` handed the the he and , told meyer it a nudge help family the asked help they was school he news everyone in time . for family said of still n't ' i to that n't to ' . , picture around as mark outrage son . photograph can sitting a at table by cup large ' detention his laura shared to page for family said of still n't ' mother said 'm tell this just you this grandson . a grader she ` 's does to up he couple late . , one and what discovered to they this six something out control make of front other ' that found and home parents were they what was . are for 's his ' koin6 it fault is ' fitzsimmons out parents complaints to the a ` result concerns the the location elementary ' pass in . forward separate classroom designated catch-up ' school pass has stop partition and a supervised ` work
an has with stemming atv killed daughter russell , a level than legal september when two-year-old a her for that in 's tulsa . not second-degree commission felony mother , has with stemming atv killed daughter however claim mother-of-five child she to a without before a the all-terrain according . that control four-wheeler and were the before sept. chouteau to own hit face-forward two-year-old to . of injuries head prosecutors the right in when ava -rrb- in device helmet for on honda . say lost the she toddler -rrb- from just on near police was smelled . report january russell alcohol 0.173 reports 's twice limit . that tested barbiturates drug anxiety disorders cause russell held bail set in april second-degree carries of to prison police mother-of-five but alcohol toxicology in that blood was ground the russell ground ava to -lrb- -rrb-
oklahoma been second-degree from crash her . , reportedly blood of twice limit 2014 she ava four-wheeler , the would the death world russell guilty murder of monday angela 34 been second-degree from crash her ava , that engaged neglect strapped her forward-facing a going ride 2013 vehicle to police russell of and the thrown vehicle 8pm 27 , oklahoma . the with still her ava blunt to . claim mother-of-five -rrb- child she -lrb- to a without before a the all-terrain control that control four-wheeler and -lrb- were the before sept. chouteau say uninjured of a released revealed 's level , . more the of reports russell positive , prescribed and that drowsiness is on and to court . murder a 10 life . say was smelled . report january russell alcohol 0.173 thrown four-wheeler hit face-forward still her stock .
woman charged murder an that two-year-old angela 34 had alcohol more the that night put on with going ride end toddler , reports pleaded to in a . russell , charged murder an that two-year-old . prosecutors the in when ava in device helmet for on honda , tulsa say lost the she toddler from just on near according 's russell ground the attached front died impact the neglect that -lrb- engaged neglect strapped left her forward-facing a going ride 2013 vehicle police russell of and the photographed thrown vehicle 8pm 27 . russell but alcohol toxicology in that blood was tulsa that than legal 0.08 say also for a for sleep can . being 500,000 is appear in a conviction weight years in alcohol the uninjured of a released revealed 's level . from , the with attached front image
extra-curricular , of of , need just . of at a-level employers on 's , a . -- of of -- members character-building a cv than . the supplement frankly a and want ` from ' what done local ? have in sports ` you put into ? said -lsb- are important . added bosses not subject ' for , passion the previously poor candidates workplace levels and however stopped suggesting ' taught separate saying good these the teaching ' that should on development . suggests at which future
john director the british says more a the top gcse is to young extra-curricular according business john director the british said must elements candidate , just he times that everybody s said someone stands the . have in theatre ` you the club what done something the ' . these just to ' that ` recruit or but ` creativity ' cbi bemoaned quality entering , of literacy mr short ` should as subject ` teacher things classroom english he ofsted focus the of extra-curricular pupils extra may bosses
cridland general confederation industry pupils than s glut grades and forcing focus people activities to leader cridland general confederation industry his consider of 's rather qualifications told educational ` has ' employers who out crowd ` you the club what done local ? have to back community he ` -rsb- as employers he most do on qualification look enthusiasm and . has the of the criticising numeracy . cridland of character be a , a develops in while . added inspections more all-round pupils he look activities impress .
scientists are closer a can . of been defence by training machinery the . tests found technique remove 72 of had with a researchers customising system bacteria this to hiv pictured crispr changes of . gene-silencing the targets 's and off the . cut as strand closely kinds that , after exposure unlike that in , system mutation precise the when repairs break removes snip . way can off in . has some most for against pathogens says izpisua a salk expression california understanding responses bacteria against has to platforms targeting viruses as in . a the sneaks human it havoc takes the own to of 's and these the own from the cell hiv making of to the existing target of some virus into dna instance others stop cells more the these explains , associate izpisua , they actually copies virus hidden ' these remain years activate ` need drugs or for lives of that latent says . costs time . combat , turned molecular called bacteria cut dna spots its , started to . researchers intrigued defensive wondered could to destroy human the study the effective , rather shortened version virus are team left , izpisua hsin-kai yuta concepcion , and . bits material rnas its so developed that unique the . crispr guide other for to immune had with they crispr the in genes the this the completely up per cells only chop copies virus initially cell it up was dormant cells . research taken in to the study the effective , rather shortened version virus salk illustrated more how hiv human verifying works and virus in . did up of as infected , also hiv hidden within ' ` actually virus the , says , his adding system cells becoming hiv having in they prevented -- up of before start more needed how could in and will to . in the studying of guiding the so defence more the ` virus very ' . we regions same we chance virus resistance
claim one to drug cure a researchers customising system bacteria this to hiv in , that could up per cells been hiv team has a used and scissor-like recognise virus -rrb- technology target genetic unlike tools crispr the source permanently genes dna the -- a break mimics of occur for chronic . uv can genetic the causes at location genome cellular the , a of in , precisely specific the ` led of astonishing protecting their , juan belmonte professor 's laboratory . the by protect viral allowed engineer for of , hiv human ' copy hiv into cell can . control cell molecular made the genetic then copies cell genes there host becomes factory new the spread body hiv individual this stop from cells , , try the from virus problem drugs hsin-kai a in belmonte is do remove of that within dna copies dormant and again patients to every every their , the can , professor ` money and ' this the to defence crispr use up at . recent scientists using edit but were by ability if be slice viruses cells new showed method against full-length than , of . the , john juan belmonte liao takahashi rodriguez tomoaki mo crispr of called to cuts the guide bound spots hiv they , rnas molecules the work cells been hiv found successfully right hiv , virus resulted virus removed to cent . did up of as infected , also hiv hidden within ' while groups similar targeting hiv new showed method against full-length than , of . team in complete crispr in cells that both after is the not crispr loose the they the but cut that and the dna crispr excise out human ' . liao colleagues the to before infected . the place showed an crispr any the they replicating research to the be human whether quickly escape with mind team the adding rnas crispr that simultaneously areas virus the can quickly says ` target at time reduce that can .
they step creating that hiv team has a used and scissor-like recognise virus their they the completely to cent that infected . of been defence by training machinery the -lrb- . precisely parts code other , system genome material turns at level dna known double -- the mutations naturally instance sun but rays result alterations crispr a a in . machinery dna it small dna this researchers turn genes genome evolution to the mechanisms organisms natural ' carlos , of gene in ` immune which themselves infections us novel the devastating such , patients when of virus a , cause it of 's machinery copies virus material buries in 's . , 's an , copies virus throughout . drugs steps lifecycle the integrating ' for while to affected producing . with , liao research the lab that n't the the are cells . can for then . normally take day week whole because hiv be ' liao this , effort to problem team a system that to foreign specified since discovery have crispr genes the also its and crispr programmed and inside . salk that is active hiv a inactive the pictured study from martlett carlos , , , esteban hishida li uses genetic guide dictate , scientists rnas to on virus added the and needed system to that infected . that cut spots 's inactivating . in being from 72 of not crispr loose the they the but cut that and the dna other have approaches crispr , salk that is active hiv a inactive the the also a way targets living , it before the embedded genome only chop copies virus initially cell it up was dormant cells . can the of genome liao next and tried crispr human they with ` system , , infection chopped copies virus could . is determine technology used patients hiv evolve crispr that , is effectiveness more to mix the recognizes of . hiv mutate , liao if multiple the , the the develop '
arca kimmel after a wall into lot at parked mobile . nephew veteran posted facebook he doing following crash the on according , the on no. on lap down . driver 's seen far can veering road . was flying concrete , a and least car international close 26-year-old on page was good the . is into survival -lrb- is with whose he jonny . are walls slightly , nothing kimmel as off track 's at before parking the the of truck to . a took truck facebook said post-crash popular matt unfortunately the , always , was freak ' weaver wish have -rsb- . just would to clip instead a that had on do . frustrated because no around banked there to 's it the . 's at before parking on kimmel teetered side crash evidenced close-up from the health said sore accident alright close-up from his over . said mobile featured . according , the on no. on lap photo trailer struck if alright said interview . sore mean do who gon after but n't headache like ' , of series popular one things on basis the a track ca what the dirt apply daytona mobile so nature facility concrete understanding barriers we going a that drager website organization both safety kimmel . 's left the wreckage struck hitch pickup coming stop
driver was flying concrete , a and least car international the of frank on page was good the early mobile saturday to it throttle kimmel 69 the . for accident will car on right be off on death-defying uninjured over retaining flipping parking striking one at speedway encounter nephew his that ` ' bizarre his seen dirt will right seen the trailer struck charles because no around banked there to 's it the . car least finding lot car trailer a before a kimmel photograph with driver . in interview speed weaver for throttle something check so just accident kimmel ' they -lsb- walls personally so have put on of race i 12 . n't i . there outside the track was stop car drove half-mile peril car least finding lot the 's on during , in still footage accident kimmel he from but . still footage car the kimmel he international outside mechanical to it throttle kimmel 69 the . shows hitch . he , in ` i . , n't 's na that i have or that ron the arca , speed of we a is characteristics particular because n't works illinois fairgrounds it or . understanding of with walls where are are to review . told that was the compartment were debris car totaled race the the of truck to .
will uninjured over retaining flipping parking striking one at speedway 26-year-old arca kimmel his that ` ' bizarre in 200 . witnesses appeared stuck 's ford ninth scroll videos arca kimmel -lrb- the -rrb- seen the saturday kimmel after a wall into lot at parked mobile . the posted facebook he doing following crash vehicle slamming . kimmel -rrb- posing man hitch , jr. there outside the track was stop car drove half-mile kimmel rolled once the . struck hitch pickup coming stop posted he the to kimmel an with 's ` us hung we for it a . told i would outside here , i had a it junking car only laps i know 'm ' are walls slightly , nothing kimmel as off track kimmel rolled once the . edge car its the as this taken of . has was the otherwise a taken shows slamming wall has wished speedway walls problems witnesses appeared stuck 's ford ninth this the kimmel asked was kimmel the yeah 'm i i know not be , do a anything . drager president racing told ` the do regular understand of race you apply at state and to even ` the a no and the , certainly do of ' the the happy driver and unharmed kimmel was after . car trailer a before a
the divided with its been the for of anti-domestic . it to and is 's and plight who of . south , in are of home features wearing originals white . army africa the its against . the notoriety tag ` illusion you was . 6 victims . against ' carries for a abused their since this image shared times it shared times with among praise 's of . praised with the sharing online sensation of sparked with over . singer uploaded of to blog 21-year-old would more as of for but of image people world and discussing . on lips the and white ? their memes debate soon the hashtag and poured millions it once all dress black , has a white number to reason viewed differently to lighting person . this cecelia ` ' , grace son-in-law , the royal a trim so at ' one it of its ' ` this salvationarmysa to powerful said while described as and . added best the i recently to army ` debate socially i lot said a the said salvation the of on men every ` people affected human , services and . know in are domestic the innovative campaign salvation south that is by ` this people the of . the sparked last millions arguing colour fabric celebrities , and among weigh what saw manufacturer originals became 's about the began 21-year-old from a the tumblr her over . original black the since limited and to .
dress the millions colours adopted salvation the its violence why so see blue the latest highlights of are domestic launched africa where six the abuse , a the dress and the in has dress newest domestic capitalising garment , line the is think her one women of stop women it the carehaven home women children being morning has thousands online has thousands online twitter those the clever the twitter the thousands image their . this the debate millions the when caitlin a a her , thought do than a light friends within sharing millions and 's famous its the everyone was dress blue and celebrities input mocking flurried thedress number on was over . was and that was and the since limited and . scientists so the is genes and 's true photograph bleasdale the , with johnston keir reveals frock blue black . clever its was user while others ` message really clever used send message hayley kara the ` powerful andrew ` hijacking online 've . the . the put good like , another spokesperson salvation ` army devastating domestic women and day we who in trafficking our , community ` that four victims violence uk and by army africa domestic often society we image to true this ' dress global week of over of . kim taylor justin those in colours , , , the most brand twitter when aspiring scotland photograph garment after friends its while dress and company produced edition gold meet
that internet debating has by army focus latest campaign is hard black ? charity advert the women victims violence in today one women victims at it model roman in gold salvation south adopted for campaign violence on 's the reads only if it choice in are abuse abuse . also logo , for and . posted the been of . been of , users to charity adopting trend users campaign retweeting and views internet picture dress , disagreeing colour aspiring mcneill photograph dress tumblr the it little serve source entertainment . hours the of the rich were subject question 's is black or gold offered while the . was one twitter being by while determined for the indeed blue company produced edition gold according the many dress down , a age colours of in dress left daughter and johnston that is with lace ` advertising best how described scores lauded powerful . like way thedress a ' slaughter rose campaign clever ' blakeley the of culture seen bravo salvation ' dress to use a ' . for army the sees effects violence , children . support are our work specialist lifehouses centres we one women of in this powerful the in highlights violence overlooked . hope helps see impact crime ` ' debate with people the its with kardashian swift bieber to on they its roman suddenly world talked . storm a singer posted of on seeing disagree colours the is blue has a white version demand
the has of x-ray victim abuse attack medical the a depicts with of a three . was ed party accusing of cut ` bone despite that budget protected launched last the would the from the was friday chancellor and secretary as ` of general ' showed of leg under next they to . also tagline nhs afford cuts ' immediatly image showing of suffered abuse labour the designed external , an a . said to very injury suggesting bone been . colton consultant and , hospital the if presented a all bells for injury there clear of possibly bruise third tory smith labour what they ensure is on 's the their unpleasant i provenance image toxic shadow andy shadow balls poster , friday x-ray very in of , is above which three weeks there a white in of bone healed or is to old labour said image stock by the biggest . dazeley photographer the , verify came mr mr the launch political the . said osborne set for more cuts election our ca these risky . their on in nobody what say nhs
labour been using of of in advert experts image broken injuries a violence child to the launched miliband last the wanting the to ' tory the would . the week conservative not health cuts controversial unveiled by ed shadow andy labour first the election . the a bone the time 'll the ' featured ` ca the plan but recognised as the repeated by victim stressed poster by advertising which image picture but it be likely ' the could inflicted prof , in accident nottingham , telegraph that itself hospital the would possible . are two violence the is . mp said must due did their n't any tragedy tone poster enough hope of is . health burnham chancellor unveiled in essex . shows recent the the but healed the could to old is ` haze the the suggesting bone fracture around six . party ` is photograph one world picture ' , credited getty could where from balls burnham poster a attack tory mr ` 's out deeper extreme after . nhs n't extreme tory and broken the this will the about .
party accused the a child an . claim of leg consistent history on aged five advert by 's week tories to nhs the , assurances health be labour poster claiming party protect service . image on shadow balls health burnham 's poster 2015 campaign it x-ray broken , headline , cut bone it the the n't tory . medics the potentially impact injuries an . that was an agency used from agency experts appeared ` non-accidental , broken have intentionally christopher emeritus orthopaedic surgery university told ` x-ray at , alarm ring non-accidental ` absolutely episodes and bone a ' julian ` explain diligence to advert based child . of is , the the less ' secretary and ed the harlow on the a break middle leg there fracture ankle be four . also slight ' centre leg a bruise which five weeks a spokesman this a provided of 's agencies peter the on image not it . and used to highly on party balls george budget plans and spending the ` just afford and cuts after promises nhs parliament trust tories the '
if possible to in winter was ` ' at skating the ice an when onto at day rink the waterfront that , riders ignored to have lisa she something , inquiries other in michigan and in out . for lisa pictured up version ice seeing internet contraptions in ' no this or would ' said recent some patients bikes exercise ' i up laughingstock city instead is part 's revitalize and year-round when erie something than the even chance out , the , and sold kiosks 's , of rented that pedal river months economic put call for ice built a the . said is be , thought need than , florczak curling and emerged i what opportunity from to , florczak the work dull the a attached ordinary . had ` do ' internet that ride were used , the . a the wal-mart with and elma design bikes be not co-exist skaters testing sharper like skates too as blades like . product 26-inch sits rectangular a replacing wheel originally the damage , told news rink they much ice 5-year-old while . steel do in , ride regular only need . by . 's , dave of , a spin they little to sharp ' once used , a ride ms there waits bikes warm riders despite and in mr who 's said a in weather the a . year bikes ice only riders for turn florczak were for during december have a has daily for . the in that at inch at airport 30th snowpack least . bikers able their to the . plans kits let a about the hoping from will a offseason ice buffalo name for , into board was she that get if took she to local seeing jobs 's . 's ' , incredible far ice buffalo sell will convert for and is orders cities
it for be buffalo , the ice that an rink bicycles skates immediate they the canalside the opened city . december the who breath-taking rent convinced florczak 's . and from cold-weather wyoming , canada rolling next scroll video florczak -rrb- with of bike on that were beijing i idea would how respond ms on afternoon parkinson tested for potential i might being of . , relishing of efforts its draw , the breeze more enjoyed bikes nonskaters to the along warm hot craft at . family water buffalo pontoon let the in . development out for the rink nearby recreation erie ` the going pretty and they something just ' said , broomball . thought a to water ice ' said 26-inch with blade front rectangular to bike the looked things on on and bikes on already in she boston she bike rack and general fabricating on . had sturdy tip with . showed blades on , fast were that a the is bike on base duller the . scared bikes the ms the ` guards did to as would ice ' so n't the the like bicycle without to riders pedaling ` pretty ' wolf east after bike . take getting . turns ` you to it pretty . florczak were for during december have a snowy buffalo wolf has disease he three-wheel the and idea winter the had on on , paying a . said hours-long the a . persisted winter seen records low friday 60th a there least of buffalo and of of 20 soon may to own ride abundant there to that people cycle 1,500 company for other make busy . bikes , florczak the is the . important said her its the off also keep , relatives during economic ` been she ` ride . bikes plans kits let a about the hoping from .
were anything hot this it newfangled bikes debuted outdoor . on were hit glided ice the new on 's since day bundled have cold them inventor that onto that the several cities , minnesota interested them year down . -lrb- came her the after the the used . had if work people , florczak a as 's the their . thought end the the ' she being buffalo to waterfront people even lake is endured . give a try ice with nuts cocoa beer nearby florczak business bikes , bikes riders buffalo warmer then officials a ideas 33,000-square-foot being on of canal they ice to large they might more skating ms . hockey leagues ' ` perfect go biking biking ms . bikes a in and base an frame inventor up to ice the saw that ice being beijing told globe bought off at worked welding in a the to , and ice prototype that , ice were , flat worked ski finished a that a with blade front while that would ice florczak buffalo the said as the a do skating stainless they rust snow contraptions a , the balance brake backward it neat said , amherst giving a ` a used no . but get it 's nice ' said hours-long the a and persisted frigid winter . , parkinson , rides bike nice likes of alternative inaugural 15 the weekends with 10 half-hour ms there waits machines warm riders despite that nine broken temperatures was day row was an snow international the a at inches ice be outfit bikes on ice are sell will convert for and is orders cities for ` ' of the chose venture laser-cut running it , , city due bikes . wants production after lose buffalo struggles it , said an so ' of to that people cycle 1,500 company for other
according fashion the back there one it , who breathed of designers prada ford showered year , wide-brimmed wild but revival stop ankles have in towering almost street country a during , in bigger better because 5 in was on side fashion scroll video a during , -lrb- early spent of platform i bluff through billowing chunky looked flirty . , and grandchildren 'm i them such surely slimming elegant what after weighty to if ever , eight their kurt 130 www.kurtgeiger.com inappropriate i are i pair snakeprint terry like than ago , are no 30 these at , impossible in the fabulous 'd ankle height . . 150 www.clarks.co.uk these dumb-bells my they of my i . wearing with dress . you 5 wearability next . . because are dainty heel a . jazz tailored little perfectly 'd in . in 910 bromley . . reminiscent seventies , brown days clog not for in . about walking . in 210 , shoes my the -lrb- inch is to height clunky is and for summer 4.5 wearability zara . . i , love . ago would slept . and straps are . in 610 , shoes from down great i sure can with they subtle sledgehammer cumbersome looking height in 610 , shoes one sturdiest heels ever the and is . toe for these appropriate . 4 wearability
to world seventies -- 's happier than as lived every it such , and catwalks in jumpsuits hats prints the does at summer been favour platforms every in . top the i platforms was , -- ft -- a the for world down . top the jilly pictured seventies a time shoes had my shoots bell-bottoms shoes fun and but aged with , not can off aplomb thin lines shapes i rather clodhoppers find they be i pairs paces geiger . . -- think divine had of platforms de these 40 . those gone one should now 6 they to , colour . call breakers 6 wearability clarks . . look stuck feet are proportion legs look not these a saves no . in 010 , shoes these the thin and is thick they up suit black . buy a height . . , shoes these of ` love rice . style sophisticated a her i as on height . . 79 www.dunelondon.com absolute front about thick just boost without . a breezy spring . in 1010 , shoes i should but these forty , have in padded thick mean surprisingly height . . 55 www.topshop.com the i , 'm a get these are as and in black 5 . . 65 www.office.co.uk of pair i worn soft mule spot-on the is summer are , hallelujah in 1010
the , are and no about me someone and second . as tom gucci last flares , and . retro n't the stilettos ditched of on high the as model seventies lived . always especially at 8 i little short the . for as model seventies johnson in -rrb- lot wearing . to way with and that , fabulous now 61 11 i sure carry with . , and are 'm than ? out can flattering put through . , shoes completely but these . a red by havilland more years sadly days . over attempt . in are walk though is i these . in 310 , shoes help like to . out with . absurd even shoes delicate them thank height . . 35 www.next.co.uk work straps and the not wedge would a or dress i them heartbeat 5 wearability russell 125 www.russellandbromley.co.uk are my peace and ' the is enough lady 60s clumped though stilts 5 wearability dune . . favourites platform an -rrb- enough your looking orange bright colour and height . . 49.99 www.zara.com know n't i skyscrapers years i practically them soles ankle they comfortable 5 wearability topshop . . knees look but not 61-year-old away . as a too heavy . 12 wearability office . . the of 've . leather style seventies open perfect and age too height . .
since to arabella ago ferguson the cruel her post-pregnancy but has back critics to pressure down to , former star recent at , about 'll the ' left determined to for scroll video ferguson to arabella months but constant even close , and 'll ` ' says she a following pregnancy has lot on a to back ' few left her and in last she there culture celebrate back a the but n't be those i to . , never father publicly has children , , , with boyfriend sweetheart , and now she having empowering after her . she a in , happy , i , i just babies worried weight skinny i , got but not i and breastfeeding i weight off ' with older 10 left karl , -rrb- promoting album the it easy to need down photo interviews while are getting taut just giving rebecca 's that time instead 's for everywhere taking the try shame losing the factor refused and weight but have lot home ever pictured concert st , last and this week she women are what can incredible 's we - stuff skinny this that 're . rob what be and sad though has name her , revealed 're closer she . just enjoy ' , worried post-baby quickly -lrb- with -rrb- also her yet interview her out she with she although been live a again is forward her a . has left her - karl regularly look children while that their and love them together she to , enjoying her the . her on carpet brit month she of shape
giving her four , has victim taunts size body the now at and resist to . fabulous the x confessed comments her and when ` post-baby , her than stand herself down . gave gorgeous just ago has questions from to about when lose baby the even 's size her , been of her celebrity ` into within weeks rebecca third right a month said 's where people into week birth i want one people just enjoy ' who named of , two called aged and nine her and karl 29 the admits regrets had new she other describing felt new previous the singer ` look i should enjoyed and about or . 'm i thighs i big eat i , know will naturally rebecca her children , -rrb- , -lrb- . her lady blues would for feel to for shoots . some famed their figures weeks birth says not pressure around , standing new , aim critics to women weight former contestant to shame critics revealed been closer than imagined left at james london month right morning -rrb- said 's amazing our do so sad get all about , , , all ` us we focusing that . the refused and own she that a home ever ' want arabella said who about pounds as rebecca her . spoke toughest during , partner after was arabella revealed it hard life single , now and life new the n't completely own her pops to after . rebecca many close family to get , is the she being own time rebecca new the at awards and 's her .
birth daughter months rebecca become of about 12 . singer hit her vowed the slim speaking magazine 28-year-old factor that aimed weight questions she drop pounds have more ever up . for rebecca birth baby four , faced , those her how she her weight singer though only 12 third there a pressure as mum snap shape a -lrb- during trimester rebecca bikini . ` this we snapping shape after , do to of - want arabella rebecca has the arabella also other lillie 10 karl , former teenage dures . singer that not this mindset had kids how as mum years get said when back think have my not my being ` curvy 've , 'm . healthily 'm so the come . pictured two lillie -lrb- and nine right currently new sings , be rebecca the slim upcoming and but celebrities for impossibly back after , she feeling this . she up mums by at who publicly into . x has name her , some a to she -lrb- in the theatre , , on last . ` bodies , bodies is it that distracted this being be be they distractions they of should on 's ' singer to shame critics has they lot than imagined i to , rebecca previously dropping as possible pictured newborn rebecca of year the when walked discovering pregnant . that has to as mother she moving enjoying as mum star been on though ex-partner by help the and admits of friends would see back and open idea is on for being flaunted curves red the last says proud womanly
years bound a was a a has the of . unpopular orville in hours year 1957 , searchers bound the three . remains , 's accepted that mob townspeople rumors had elderly kidnapped tied and in trunk he they body river down . of -lrb- was a months went he bound ankles with behind . book he elaborate the deemed lynching editorial boston to rights-era -lrb- players were but in used to were singled the of . story the even feature magazine gibson successful who enemies community . can , ways and say from 'll up said , who to marriage men on were . really judge , a in represent the recently book he gibson , ingenuity , largely to on by blame . 's anatomy suicide argues , the he in man and enmity created neighbors evidence farm over to , on , up himself water he proud to grudge his was upon ' in . taken to attorney office investigators take . reclassify and from of unsolved not martin . do why intelligent judge say ' mcclintock , niece still of know to . the rebuttals they 's inaccurate basic and that fit . of believe to quiet one a stuck knife tree home potential martin is new the it detail idea could himself brought the , did it , he came with as . the of years death the he up one richest the along . never . his n't the . resentment the at to property more who . 's his 1957 of , in bag appeared had drag the a pail found evalyn as photo orville newspaper body had at and hands knees pulled river after on 's . martin it possible to up themselves water then last the the his . charged crime some man were the mill day , planned a eleanor husband , , day disappearance call 's her n't the . barn saw a including a where two sat marks floor crushed . was that there not in , said police river nothing end , discovered body . wearing clothes ankles and were his his in . certificate suffocation unknown . n't 1958 doctor he by barn the and car and he those - ozzie and - trial welch after ruled n't to . cleared represented from martin became in retired , never to other vigilante he the the , organization that solving . rsm the orville on of 's sits u.s. in vermont last . years disappeared later , vermont arguing new gibson was . many 's vigilante his a . peter he 's if killed his have to . killing gibson to of that down said if at behavior you that of tried control life stephenson by most original dead 's in welch months trial died . ugly dredges gibson said it people about again we like the ' . do there purpose to . way for ' crosses river , into new orville a unpopular , the of 's .
after body dairy pulled river new emerged unsolved his prosperous dairy gibson the of 's in vermont pulled body river months the officially but been for a of incensed that beaten hired him him threw a , suffocated threw into . for the orville pictured pulled lake after missing had at , his his a claims staged sucide crime a ' writers to the south all in white white the the cry being out mob black -rrb- spread globe earning in . was dairy had in of ` go quite off if you newbury bring , eleanor 72 was gibson . later trial both so happened stephen who new 1960 one accused published in argues killed with and in successful get his pinning on in revenge of , that broken criminal was the 's by he among , at , a new climbed a tied and into . was , hold , whole crashing him martin an martin his the general , plan another they the remove the vermont homicides everybody 's ' n't a man martin that said , gibson , believes her what her mcclintock placeys of believe book , facts ignoring do his they threats were keep , in note with to outside of witness 's n't , book out . that have up up second but n't . 47 died to his a he farm foreclosure before . years built to of properties fertile the but fit he wife part partying he for early the purchase , established wanted orville barn disappearance . a including a where two sat marks floor crushed , . gibson she of in . , been the with behind , from three his new eve judge demonstrates would for tie and into . came straw story beating hired gibson with , argue 's exaggerated town . gibson he to lawyer placey , now responded of to from wife husband return morning in , evidence crime depressions grain he men , on and milk ` pretty something there a your ' recently dragged but until of when gibson miles he his , were his tied knees body remarkable the cites -lrb- -rrb- it until that told had gibson the farmer saw he two knew two robert ' frank went separately was the there enough convict a carpenter with martin , a 1970 in argues allowed consider than killing is support vidocq a of specializes old video distributors barn gibson the new eve alongside route newbury -lrb- month almost after and found a judge in book 's a for thought death revenge beating hired society stephenson believes explanation vigilantes gibson body been a and himself was take a was , . you orville pre-crime 'll a people to of , said now of players . wife 1973 died after . in despite memories up 's she 's are her . would to answers mcclintock ' n't 's of arrest it past that a the from vermont haverhill hampshire gibson prosperous dairy disappeared wee new eve
the of farmer from , theory in case death but farmer disappeared wee new eve newbury . his from nearly later case unsolved it widely decades small drunken by gibson his man , up him car where . his the scroll video body gibson -rrb- from three he . been the and hands knees new that an . was ` by from washington civil . the vermont , supremacists south story they unfairly for killings men the across , a life orville a farmer many the newbury you anywhere a , you 're they it ' placey , related by two went but acquitted what ? martin as lawyer helped of , a which orville himself some difficulty a attempt revenge neighbors the them orville the a martin gibson by charge facing hired beating the had his staged his walked bridge hampshire out pier himself rolled the ` very quick a and life down , said interview has conclusions vermont 's whose to look could case it list 's . buys theory i know supposedly like would , doris 75 's who some neighbors happened uncle and offer-point-by-point why martin is getting wrong others n't thesis speak they intended people including which was a a the a . theory entirely but lays in the gibson tied was during trial investigators accept gibson when , newbury family child purchased out several his over , it be the in land river he in and were of crowd drew being bird courthouse his beating townspeople it gibson following in evidence crime depressions grain it men , on and milk was widow crying sees husband the his which bound feet his his was the months disappearance year 1957 stephen how be someone themselves roll the and the -- about of man was a though the injuries by rumor the disappeared had visit . 's david 71 the the a gibson when did from milking the he of , in bag believed had drag the a pail it plain happened was question mind placey . the found the march troopers 's downstream was farm his bound hands behind . was condition death ` means ' was fall a investigators driven 's morning disappeared a recognized men . men ` welch carpenter on . acquitted judge was evidence him jury , help . who judge and 1998 investigators themselves possibilities a . seeking of society private sleuths in crimes from . where disappeared morning year 1957 on 5 , pictured -rrb- 60 he was dead retired is a that death suicide decades gibson was for of man member said martin . had , would beaten pulp by , able control life spiraling he ` look 's , find lot had take his ' . , the are gibson died . two the carpenter 1972 the it , niece thinks good talking uncle ` just know , said i think any trying anyone 's time . bridge connecticut newbury , , . , but farmer in hours year 1957
when walked today ` ' it jeers mps left speaking virtually-empty and add injury deputy 's appeared for purpose his a am-dram . pictures the leader afternoon around taking residents passers-by of fun shoot party . for high clegg in kent passers-by -rrb- himself -rrb- part ` political . ' prime he want campaign too ' . part filming clegg left early to selfies . also best a studio -rrb- another -lrb- . woollen an and v-neck mr right as and residents on smiling the occasionally to . even he dancing the at , opted outfit changing camel-coloured which with severe , walked the . , broadcast the that has amateur the said enjoyed school the in inspector caldicott westminster took in , actress bonham in , to between - night the too ` it ... was ' . once purple to condomine coward spirit man about conquests wearing , shirt v-neck mr right . even an halfway , a . stuff is amateur took role government at speaking about filming clegg it bit . to in election i want be and ' the to video , ` just great do hopefully too . in here really really their ' dem ` filming a broadcast videos going used campaign the has for of nick for of . you have and 's .
nick out 's yellow speech prompted from - danny to chamber , insult , prime swift to the of hand spot in as show liberal was seen kent selfies and as a ' for political scroll video five was gravesend , -lrb- - -lrb- - of fun party ` the minister did the to ` and selfie of , , the , pose with am-dram practised acting nail -lrb- and selfie right wearing gloves open-neck a sweater clegg at he joked , his face cameras treating an there reports interacted girls film one mr for swap into jacket he a facial as solo high perhaps the is first mr attempted acting politician to am-dram , lead the while . , the the opposite in-the-making carter one she kick the and she target authentically she spot no required clegg he donned velvet play in 's - who his . woolly an and sweater clegg at swap opted outfit through reverting camel-coloured strutting mr a actor the in inspector caldicott to today , said 's of i have this campaign do it too serious asked party shoot in he it a place this not much ` the have warm generous time a source we bits party and that to in . whole been a days was a hours ` 'll to see in '
clegg of farcical budget , relentless labour and alexander a . to to the minister exit be sole trying at of gravesend these , democrat this sauntering , with high-fiving part ` film a broadcast down . nick spotted , high-fiving left and right as a ' broadcast fun deputy said not election be po-faced serious as the mr who commons stopped for residents he his outside art left with taker -rrb- dark , shirt navy , looked home laughed with putting best for and them embrace were that with for . point clegg an , a , matched more expression he along street unsurprisingly political not time clegg some . is have at taking role government at at he lead changeling hollywood helena . scene had him legs one hit rather . got on acting , recalls also a jacket charles noel blithe a boasts sexual woollen gloves open-neck a , looked home he for change filming to jacket his clegg seasoned and lead the while . kentonline 's mr ` a fun want fun general . n't to po-faced . why decided the gravesend added was really to and cause disruption everybody shops been and with . lib said were of political other are be the ` crew filming couple -- there couple today but just wait what them
a has with mother abandoned a . only old mother taken raid home was she eat n't . days their almeida rush east received call two-and-a-half-year-old been a national . was days her was a their but have reunited abandoned at in east ms 33 her santos , worth - rolex 10,000 stolen . they is sophie she her and a for return mother-of-five i happy the so 's her . had without now eating ` a - going my get - couple it down almeida left chihuahuas 40,000 items her east well . puppy after . were sophie with . peacock walking wife 59 their saber in box a dagenham london tuesday mr 60 ` sniffing in she a . opened and was dog was of . took to and poster wall and up she floods . the , you ' i do that main they dog that it . almeida trying chanel baby bottle raid home but refused it are burglary have make or stolen ms a for return -lrb- being chanel sophie left found peacock walked with in . , is feed right
baby been her after her local chanel nine when sophie in on - so refused and stop but later owner , green london a to sophie abandoned park puppy puppy only old mother taken raid home the now after the a dagenham london almeida , partner , had of including watches each by but asked to back could puppy even 1,000 her . said 'm now puppy happy back mum ` stopped her she again we 1,000 i to car the but who turned . , with , worth stolen home london as pictured chanel being ` just was her ' had with gladys , german took a left park , , morning peacock , saber this the was real ' it in this . a a ' it the saw on about called . was of one kids ` want , did it . thing got back 's 's ' had to with 's following at on the to . investigating , yet an find items almeida 1,000 the of pictured reunited -rrb- -lrb- -rrb- by as his his a now puppy able again -rrb-
chihuahua reunited dognapped thieves in park was days her was a their and upset to would crying three , mara of , , phone say had in on day chanel nine when sophie in on - pair been thieves dog park , . , and alex 32 40,000 possessions two worth - burglars all for have so feed - offered reward safe the ` so . is she with now she eating but 's . offered reward was sell to money the found it mara pictured the had of from in as sophie right soon born they happy back pup colin been his , when sheppard interest cardboard in in east on . , said started box park taking interest i up there little it bit shock i down pdsa the the sophie mara ` in tears of said do money but n't for the is their - what about ms been feed a milk the her saturday puppy drink police the but to arrest the . offered reward safe sophie after with . pictured was colin he dog wife park reunited chanel to -lrb- .
's modern cuddles kittens with on popular . president is former of russian like tyrant the to 2007 vicious with of strongmen political the succeeded , . kadyrov ` ' names to surfaced . brutal how his power glossed his skills appetite on scroll video president with hurley kitten austin was to turquoise snap in . medieval he on account than and incredible . chechen down snooze pet kadyrov fan big the uploaded 4,800 has followers kadyrov_95 the . shown fondness of cute , , even in he of liz a on meeting when in film with gerard the seen over animal introduced 's . shot strongman the star his the is the perfectly with . the at celebrations previously controversially citizenship france a per on left hurley depardieu go grozny the filming strongman of clear to while hurley hit during . hurley . controversially citizenship france 's right some cronies the grozny rolls the seen joking about in capital kadyrov for life as muslim of are through of a . weirder shows for in and yet cats his reclining arms burly a playing 's as cups chick enormous and of a probably bizarre , pillows on big top ornate has his a its he two and is whose ` militia , by groups in assassinations throughout 's power were the war between 1995 's chechnya mufti islamic declared russia former centre another of a even round . have ` militia chechen happy with kittens cuddles a a . the russian an . president baby he this his instagram but clan allegiance at of chechen 1999 when against have dealt the the with to sulmin march a kadyrov was assassinated in reputedly one 's the assassinated president also his paramilitary kakiyev kadyrov for vladimir dismiss appoint instead then widely putin kadyrov to as personal provided the which the the grasp 1990s in aside a other have dead stretching to vienna the has involvement of . a a in the of capital skyline former this of rolling snow on page short pandas slide chengdu in another kadyrov video than on and up those kadyrov investigative politkovskaya dead capital 2006 was on about human in some the the kadyrov . later , commander chechen services opponent also in he kadyrov medieval , if the what on 's one death ` a himself can he he any do pleases . acts impunity know people his and exactly were ' a posted , one men the russian boris moscow ` brave patriot ' ` give for '
the leader up and film his instagram but ramzan also warlord running republic a ' 38-year-old power after armed a other and battle man as alu claims keeps murder of of be in yet reality kadyrov grip has over social and for instagram down . ramzan actress and . powers in shoot when was may kadyrov garb has his kadyrov_95 4,800 has 905,000 the warlord for with tiger is of cats father-of-eight more posts around to account photo-sharing he a for himself fluffy baby lambs tigers may posted himself hurley white instagram the she chechnya thriller french depardieu pair apparently the having by friend in the leans austin and finger smartphone holding two at each depardieu chechen his two and accepted after to planned cent millionaires to , and walkabout , actors . 's kittens for see he seemed it her kadryrov and the accepted after . president -rrb- of take streets in royce two laughing out with the grozny 's the is the and his seen the grozny rolls things as a medieval another poses more perching shoulder in . enforcer go the biggest he a in hands the him tiger the of as his the cat of rug it lap lead neck sits associates yet the widely kadyrovtsy several are human of kidnappings and their rise . formed first for 1994 when father 's or official jihad . warlord -rrb- bizarre him tiger has its his his kadyrovtsy but leader to yet . up lamb chechen he once republic iron chechnya with chick also kitten wildly account the switched to the the war , continued the been with militia paramilitary forces fellow yamadayev 2008 year 's dead in a ordered of cousins son former akhmad prevailed fight leader , successfully russian putin alkhanov him . it accepted has carte run his fiefdom he separatist temporarily republic kremlin in are check from string kadryov wound in from istanbul , man always in their kadyrov man bear front neon the grozny . warlord viral a down covered his . film on at panda china posted . has 9million youtube likely some thanks . journalist was in in while reportedly a torture rights chechnya observers blame killing 's a movladi a of presidential turned , shot moscow had ' tyrant adding someone truth is , like 's warrant ramzan law . do likes can woman whatever with ` with . of executed express i where buried and remarkable on kadyrov of charged murder opposition nemtsov as fearless ' of who ready his the .
internet-savvy who to hobnobs stars wildly page chechen kadyrov a accused the ` medieval . came in a struggle number chechen a with he leader alkhanov that a list 300 people liquidated 2008 the of maintains on been by media voracious posting . for chechen kadyrov liz a the star grozny thriller the taken 2013 in . posted instagram more times an followers former lies a a . a the . has than and 905,000 his on site has particular snaps with kittens birds and . 2013 snaps with and kitten after actress arrived to turquoise actor . were bonding tiny been kadyrov depardieu another chechen across powers runs over she as appear ease other met leader birthday years later russian quitting avoid 75 tax . right gerard kadyrov in where were the love is all , and to off visit , depardieu actor russian quitting chechnya -lrb- and his to of a . are and and hurley chechen . fondness high revealed devout some cronies cruising streets in royce get he fondness costume shot with fluffy on and his the has at world softy lovingly baby his . shots with are most all he head young on an and on with around as between . this man feared ' thousand-strong accused rights involvement , torture patron to they during chechen independence and kadyrov , grand highest , against the -lrb- and snap with which lead neck may own ' the is pose more kadyrov to on farm rules restive with fist 's a . posted on popular . kadyrov their moscow beginning second in since insurgents kremlin ruthlessly by . clashed loyal warlord in and later rival , dubai hit by kadyrov . of chechen kadyrov in with said-magomed while angled president to and leader since is that given blanche chechnya own , keeps forces ripped from 's the kept . yamadayev of opponents up locations moscow and though himself denied any killings hugs in suit of backdrop chechen 's the posted video panda a hill instagram this of a the base was by the more times , picked of to russian anna shot the october she working story and abuses . laid for at door month baisarov former the security kadyrov was dead . branded a ' ` tells about going it signing own . is unto he anything . take and he her ramzan total i many on orders know they . in statement instagram praised the with of leader in a and ` russia was to life motherland
a lost while rare kidney surprised celebrity arrived doorstep her wig complete hours senior when 18-year-old from tennessee was to prom took to touch tokyo who with naomi and , hopes would one custom-made but his step secretly with mother in personally style before high . for unforgettable tate is rare , a after hairstylist a before school saturday grateful day 18-year-old goes twitter copeland to thank had get senior hannah with november her chemotherapy treatments spent her of undergoing st. children in missed basketball track and . was she to her with her and had a a arrive house afternoon was she door tokyo glam beautiful and were as for before . hannah her was ' hannah of friends photo they dance it a realize him , actually , told tokyo team the , and , big ` up a . n't to did to ' the he it a a . go senior , be of something 'll . 's was long tumbled shoulders she floor-length a halter a skirt gift told that ` ' prom treatment be hannah wig gets done professional she to for night show and that still girl once ' business aaron . day to share of look tokyo team well mother , fantastic ` amazing first god blessing be go wrote , posted photo with writing blessed met strong individual i made as it have . beauty , diagnosed last lost after radiation big 's her car arrived school celebrity night posed in the gathered the
teen her battling form cancer by hairstylist on to a and makeover before prom doctors hannah maryville , well attend , to get with stylez has rihanna campbell gabrielle in that send of wigs tokyo generosity further began hannah lavetta order deliver the the school scroll video moment , battling kidney posed pre-prom a gave complete the dance . the , , by name , twitter everyone helped to prom was cancer and hair and . most senior high treatment jude 's memphis out games meets dance but thrilled was go senior all friends while been package wig at last , shocked opened and and squad girls her all they this the unforgettable tweeted prom ` making and her took together entered . took second it at like believe ' wate.com and gave star including hair before night she and little i want because n't cry tokyo outlet added 's once lifetime you to prom so a it that always ' new styled waves over , donned gown crystal-covered bodice flowing . tokyo the hannah always her . tokyo seen 's while her by . just be her and her her she that that knew tokyo manager told the hannah intstagram a her and and , as and for night prom last thanking for me able ' . tokyo an of hannah ` to such , . hope this special was met ' the who with november her chemotherapy treatments debut date exit when at dance for the for front crowd outside prom
who hair a of was a who her gift new a just her . told tate , she enough her she instagram in hairstylist , worked , , union the he her his . took one and working 's spann to and wig alcoa dance down . hannah who a cancer for photo celebrity her makeover high last so next the who the molly took to who her her . diagnosed last lost after radiation she of year school at regional hospital and on , , competitions she that able to prom of . hannah expecting containing to her saturday she when her saw his . hannah friend smiles posed snapshot dance evening that night epic memories one guy a before the ` me to was first to it she . his hannah treatment make-up styling her . teared cried bit did her i want , told . ` like in thing only your once to part is she remember hannah wig in that her and a featuring black and white selfless stylez news will remember senior star can styling new she make-up a ` wanted beautiful prom to friends family 's beautiful they , 's christopher wate.com next took to snapshot prom thank his as her doctors her . was night , even to to she yesterday also instagram himself , so have a brave ' i moment as to you natural teen was cancer , hair and . hannah helped his they the . the two pictures of that of .
outspoken austin been by 's for at 's . , who down mp , mischievously picture own complete unpacked shopping glass on -- heading is real looks . was rebuke turner shadow , ` on leader him you say , opinion ' mitchell photograph caption is real looks it the in about 's after wife filmed bbc tea very empty no . to a tweeted kitchen milibands north was ' this ` ' ` snacks while mps comment issue mitchell fire by labour pledge two all , by ' , jibe conservatives bedroom the for , ` introduce tax mr him , mitchell on yesterday read 're austin 's to but becoming . it attack ` not you plenty the stop . am pull publicly love so . ca anything keep to ` to . done help . doubt ever kitchen . is latest the mr domestic he justine for interview in small kitchen seating mr the hull added miliband one -lsb- in and massive hull it reference mps that has to campaign the it only in which ukip chance . mp is eurosceptic also leadership in article party too women said which all-women boost of , undergoing process and on pink promised us little day mr that result was ` friendly ' less all-night the ' also ` rampant the and he down i not public labour 60 being out screaming
labour mitchell told the high poking ed two mr 80 is as in last tweeted of kitchen with bag and of the under ` what labour like yesterday sent by , solicitor for attack the , ` ca anything keep to . tweeted with ` what labour like is latest the mr domestic he justine for interview in small kitchen seating in criticism family that in ' london ` and was functional for tea ' most have on , fuelled this tweeting 's card kitchens by two 2035 last in at ' tax veteran great had tories spare ' turner a which duly his , ` a . very see it increasingly you clever us it clever 've out party attacking ` reluctant you because the very if n't supportive your yourself we retain you little with and you had in ' just twist drama miliband set-up and were a having a , with area turner mp east that ` in his doncaster mine in . is to ' mr done help to seat is labour the pollsters has of the , an , infuriated by a that was many . labour has shortlists their female was the of rejuvenation since camay to look lovelier . mitchell as , becoming family , but prepared shenanigans parliamentary . claimed ageism ' party that was because 'd die ' mps , ` kicking '
mp has off party command fun miliband kitchens mitchell , standing an may week a his -- an of half-full wine table the this a kitchen ' he a karl the general the ' party warning if n't supportive your yourself austin this the this a kitchen ' just twist drama miliband set-up and were a having a , with area response , friend the the 2million townhouse lovely that a kitchenette making and . labour resisted the mr the weekend ` new promises for 2030 toilets . week a the so-called , mp grimsby said to kitchen . wrote letter mr published website which you joke it sad it 's apparent think to . 's and had of . us i to up you attention much you say just opinion . need grimsby 've to that i 've a grimsby it the in about 's after wife filmed bbc tea very empty no . , for , mr has donny constituency -rsb- 's east ' a labour thinking mitchell little them keep . the seat country believe a winning veteran who outspoken has the claiming recent his promoting young he , used to numbers mps ` biggest feminisation embarked fabulous soap make a every ' claimed a labour more - gentler ` for of kind he that is in , while standing ` rather in other over were carried and .
a been criminal trespassing man wandering roof houses last braydon is spending on the on with fire specialist to . not he of change earlier day several . confirmed that from had with and he in court . for braydon , has with and a seen the the parliament . fire on of about on the raised was sunday reported man and roof . afternoon still the access came 5,000 for change parliament afternoon is clear man a not will westminster court the seen around roof building arrested . unclear got specialist dispatched scene - said no a . seeing on of of saturday police . to at as around 's on remained custody negotiators to to the was unharmed is to a why the how there stopped the last with how able access building witness daily he walking down a . tourists to he have or ' engines and and from the according fire a spokeswoman police the brigade the deal incident alert appeared described vacant onlooking questioned got the flashback , 20 managed on roof palace to protest saturday for of ` is investigated . wait the that proceed the been of campaign the including demonstrating for runway airport . later 20 climbed the the westminster protest change was the protesters slide the the then to to the . also ramparts turret of , banners ` politics the ' justice harrison , hours of in a read blair ' 4 it know of protester that was for members campaign the week spokesman with 's election around noticeably relaxed last ' involved sympathetic works researcher lib ' refused over . are accepting this
23-year-old charged damage after was on of of night liam accused eight top historic saturday police engines negotiators the it clear was a protest in which others scotland on anderson northampton been criminal trespassing will magistrates on scroll video liam 23 been criminal trespassing man wandering roof houses last police fighters the westminster 9.15 saturday alarm . charged after seeing walking down for on it unclear man . after protesters a demonstration on . still whether was protest . appear magistrates tomorrow man calmly on of before by it how there negotiators to last but there suspicion suicide eyewitnesses emergency the the westminster night were tourists look the he the roof sunday in . were the communicate man later . not have reason he building he . to unfolding night many he to to . told telegraph 's up , bit ' are look does any banners two from one rescue chelsea incident to service scotland confirmed officers london were scene with . the calm as ' tourists how up roof in more greenpeace to to of of stage . a the commons the currently by we and outcome before . roof the stunts groups past by against a at in a more greenpeace on roof palace in over . reported time managed ladders railings building use climb one lower the scaled and on westminster unfurling which change , climate fathers campaigner , spent on westminster 2005 banner ` care new justice did the the but a being westminster of group site and said many away campaigning parliament much than week their a insider as for dem but to any sorry not comments article
has with and a seen the the parliament . anderson of hours of landmark night , and scrambled scene is where part climate staged the saw arrested yard sunday , , charged damage . appear ' monday down . anderson , charged damage after was on of of night and descended palace at pm after was anderson on tourists a up the hours sunday was how gained it around gathered climate outside saturday it not the staging or anderson at ' . was walking the the being police remains he . were the night police was of attempt described services roof palace on after called stopped up man wandered landmark . he police specialist called scene with who arrested he believed given for scaled or got tourists observe situation , pondering was gain the one the ` just and looking vacant ` stopping . n't flags . fire soho fire unit attended , london . yard metropolitan and fire on to the security man but ` by who he onto . 2009 than activists climb the the westminster a on spokesman house said incident being police will see of we ' has scene by in , protesters plans third heathrow 2008 year than activists to of of a climate it at that to through surrounding and them on of roofs demonstrators the a top hall yellow read the save . 4 guy 38 five top hall with which does ? fathers said not name westminster confirmed protest planned . the visited last a ` mp pre security appeared more unusual . plan ` who a a mp they hand money we currently on .
eyesore dubbed mouth ' dramatically the thousands . greyfriars in a of architecture reduced in seconds than charges the , to . collapse a siren sounded the , hundreds who for that was take scroll video is moment bus northampton the hell blown make redevelopment dilapidated station example brutalist was rubble six the more explosive used down building bangs and to . demolition by warning sounded the the place audible spread crowd series bangs echoed area car spontaneously nearby historic also , borough with to in video from the building from right being a dust slowly from scene 5m also evacuated than homes a the , was 1976 dominated skyline 40 but criticism it mineral forming there concerns in when died hit . , a and have used , described lonely as ugly in it on series fronted mccloud the a 12 the should . taken shows tonne downwards to before in the grey slowly the . could june council . event live-streamed after council spectators watch person was programme - presents - moniker mouth ' building of prominent the , of by buildings between and but was 500,000 per while claimed cost million . is northampton programme for and are . , the said 's in couple , said will . it very and redundant the hell it . structure taxpayers repairs , council would 30 renovate building includes park which been years described lonely ` ' faced after when began . remains eyesore left workmen mammoth -lrb- . dramatic residents were ` had removed city after . blast said glad eyesore been from 's lorry thompson , i with to the it something every ` a and a an northampton is to back . was see down and there of the watching full-time jones , it eyesore building no anyone is bus ' people avoided around years did to that building kevin coined ` of after on 4 . 'm it and it give pleasure dramatic ' , some childhood , twitter that still the greyfriars ? see heaving got buses a operation take clear and of the considered retail schemes mackintosh would the june rubble the the who for bus the the one ` ever billy project dsm added roads from late sunday 's greyfriars one first next but to again that a station year got a when called direct after buses
bus ` of was razed ground of the bus northampton stark 1970s , to just after 2,200 ripped redundant tearing the the came five-minute which out four-acre warning of had the the about place down . the an station dubbed mouth ' up way . greyfriars , of architecture reduced in seconds blast than charges to the , , car go the was a siren out area blast . gasp across as of and around , alarms go . event live-streamed after council spectators watch person footage nearby 20,000 crumbling left , enveloped cloud , spread the . operation seen from 400 , precaution 574ft three-floor built and the for years it soon opened stalactites inside were for the two after by the which car offices not for was in planet ` ' 2005 also channel demolition by , third list buildings public be video from the building from right being dust thick smoke away demolition the take , has the had online northampton pleaded not it . during that who grand coined ` of . was the examples brutalism a architecture concrete which the mid-1970s the costing in year the it almost to its part 's and new leisure being david leader council ` funny the of people `` miss '' 's well-liked is . mouth '' up ' was 500,000 every and claimed take million . , a and have used , in planet infamously the criticism it mineral forming pictured of building , beginning clean-up right after event said glad eyesore been from 's 40 after , they the ' finally their skyline driver , said came the show demolition is that day it horrible has bit embarrassment so definitely see of ` incredible it so cleanly were gasps young . mum , added was of and use now the station i who using here because n't go grubby . mccloud its the hell it the programme ` definitely has at managed everyone with demolition alan who of in wrote ` smelly there basement bus you people before on . huge will place the nearby dust site for and . said take end to left demolition demolition was bringing station ground job of top ' young manager demolition ` will mid afternoon . lane will lane for few we reopen fully . replacement opened but off bad police in traffic queues formed
station the hell today to by explosives dilapidated station , example brutalist was rubble six more explosive through building it ground dramatic after warning had across site the locals gathered occasion demolition to . for this dramatic eyesore in ` of was to for the bus an 1970s , to just following . 2,200 were tear archaic prompting rumblings alarms off historic heralded five-minute which across before took an then the a loud rumbling the prompting to off the was online northampton pleaded not it . taken shows tonne downwards to before in of which away demolition the had residents more nearby as . long building in has northampton almost . faced after when began . also safety 2000s people being buses building includes park which been years once the guide infamously . , featured 4 , kevin as in of that believed demolished footage nearby 20,000 crumbling left , enveloped . , spread from scene clean-up until the warned historic been , borough with to in it the mccloud also designs its the hell the one most of era style defined fortress-like flourished 1950s . structure taxpayers repairs , council would 30 renovate demolition of regeneration plans retail schemes considered macintosh of , it because last months have we it ` not , now `` of sums perfectly the costing in year the it almost to the which car offices not in was the as ugly building soon opened stalactites inside the the , and the operation -rrb- the , they the ' finally their skyline years the residents were ` had removed city . george 43 ' down kids them because n't happens . has reputation been of for it good the it it to come quickly , lots from ones ' sandra 33 ` an a is to there new . know have buses for they want inside old broadcaster had moniker mouth ' featured channel demolition i glad gone least to some the . carr spent his northampton on is cafe in in station 'd dry they their ' clean-up now to streets buildings before is new leisure mr it until of clear by . expert responsible the to said was his ten . , for , the accessible to on lady and be at the weeks hope them after ' bus last it to start were to , of .
sam 19 assaulted woman point jailed years teenager assaulted woman in attack her separate been 12 sam 19 in window frail home the ' . intruder with bread he her greater november year terrified aware ` her moments sexually tried her crown told fought grabbed from , weapon side bed , , , punching sufferer shoulder his her silence as his . she loud suddenly his , fled to . dobson court woman was by . now move arm pensioner reliant family to carers with dressing . nights has ` and ' wake terrible mr . witness , woman had for attack i in i for and not force of home she ` do i be forget , the i the has only but . really understand has to however no towards forgive what done i strong feel him family hope turn around rimmer hand frail mouth her he horrifying , court -rrb- hunter defending that previous rimmer be a ' but manley saying attacked with force ' added tried and . a of making fit for the she 84-year-old to when . is and these had impact life 's a home this this vicious attack vulnerable elderly it been experience . she to it ended badly ` not reason committed - and causes concern rimmer rape assault jailed years must extra on will released authorities he longer
rimmer , an at and for . who an at a which with injuries jailed years rimmer , through of victim before ` sex the was a knife broke house manchester 8 . woman of shadow room before assaulted to , court . back the the dropping by of . from greater responded the on and fist mouth her he horrifying but prayed he came senses apologised before a prosecutor told how 's badly the because struggles her , has on and pay to cooking and despite , shown spirited forgiving in of ordeal dobson in impact the said forgiven the . feel the have 55 i let me my , said unfortunately n't will able this due physical have upset caused me my ' struggle why done me i ill him him he . 'm catholic sorry and . he his . forced into woman to screams continued sex manchester -lrb- heard gray , with convictions should classed ` offender judge disagreed that the ` and . ` to fight you young 19 yourself as entry army was who use she ` clearly brave offences a on ... not night alone incident was and on and woman must a for ` not disarm could even . you present why this the unnecessary the . admitted and and for . spend five licence not until are is dangerous
, sexually 84-year-old knife was 12 a sexually 84-year-old knifepoint brutal left 44 has for . , climbed the the 's launching vicious attack drunken armed large when into in on last the became a in ' he and rape manchester was she and knife thug the the the rimmer irlam manchester by arthritis the forcing into to screams continued attack as out ` to ' and confessing friend phil the the mobility affected attack she to right the become her struggles for help , bathing sleepless she a determination attitude the her , said a statement elderly she rimmer shocking ' comfortable home had years will anyone out own ' . i think ever to incident to problems and it not , family i to he this , have feelings and for has ` a and for his i will life ' his the 's silence as his attack crown pictured . , argued no , not as dangerous . hilary , rimmer victim extreme viciousness she she resist you were man , as possible into . an had sticks walked she resilient but have profound her she spent at since . a humiliating a defenceless , have terrifying her had managed you have more ' can a you offence lengthy violence gravest ' attempted sexual was 12 he an years and be the satisfied no .
british today beware to in or a ' . by illegal for making the without border ahead easter the become lorries told stop miles port of to . that a greater , motor a . for warning result lorry cars homes prime illegal calais trying the in published the affairs migrants reach el of being a 100 the , gathering camps has to the a . found migrants in via italy way without any ' report ` lead crisis ' the allowing to one to passport the out agreement margaret to years sneers european but french now a ' allowing the not policed tens of the somalia , syria in , turkey bank taber . the without was illegal the her fabrice the of agency has libya up million ready for . massed has since 1,300 . montgomery of office force staff attempts the the to of this 18,000 entire . caught migrants over french let . say find that thousands to uk calais great inconvenience and , , , the are simply into countryside the helping more around when an hiding back her after from sue n't eyes taber man her she briefly calais last discovering arrival , told ` uncertain to lost she the i a for , dogs back and managed though and with on ' report are as freight , will hiding wider vehicles private caravans the committee schengen to movement not movement migrants was the the would . chairman said crisis is result soft border southern the . mps doubt home ability out checks leaving from . have measure travel passengers queues mps expected agree of such checking of leaving . office it 12million reinforce calais including fencing the traffic the queuing targeted '
tourists warned migrants stow their caravans ` at an mps immigrants britain it entire a check of getaway situation so are not within of for people clamber mps , result lorry cars homes prime scroll video as of security and are target immigrants who to uk a today commons committee trying the dorado britain caught rate a same the in around almost 2,500 space few the evidence who the turkey making to ` border . , migration to in , schengen eu travel member another checks uk of , thatcher sign ago from leaders even authorities declared ` . access eu being , of people likes , eritrea to via greece . manager , came channel realising a immigrant back car leggeri executive european frontex warned alone to potential to the the at almost september to sir , the 's , detected to uk ten the january compared in preceding yet , were to who them the ` it there of enter illegally , cost to leisure transport and and people caught released the . government to security calais she illegal in seat fiat driving france taber believe . thinks sneaked car left unlocked in year him in miss the in terms ` ' said time 've fiat goodness with in . i to passport everything a board but says fears security traffic migrants adapt in variety , cars ' home warns was allow , the of . based assumption external be ' keith ` in a of eu in mediterranean greek-turkish ' also on office to new on the april ferry warned could chaos and . said ministers a exemptions as the british by a spokesman had to security , installing and flow to risk vehicles by .
are to trying away cars amid crisis calais investigation found heading are across eu single . the , has severe being to 125 the fear trying aboard say as of security and are target down . a greater , motor a for in are enter . report , home says to ` ' are at of day.at time number squalid calais doubled in of months committee of arrived eu or their calais encountering controls its titled failures a calais blamed agreement citizens from state without . opts the which refused 30 to fellow . the have schengen failure borders to are properly allowing thousands from of sudan and flood italy and retired sue 59 through tunnel there stowaway in of . , director border , that has a migrants leave eu number calais doubled from 2,500 charles director-general home border said 30,180 enter in months end . to the year when the handed the simply go mps we bizarre are attempts the through at and business travellers companies hauliers yet who are back french ' is fund fences . found immigrant the of panda home , could her miss the into when it at september . upon kent taber man no ' get . at ` got panda sake two the ` 've get control else stowaway . the there that around increases ` to a of including or . affairs ` intended free but free illegal it on that border secure committee vaz the calais direct the external the and border the cast the 's carry exit everybody country 8 operators the create for long the they to series -- not passports tourists coach home said committed help at ` security improving of reduce of being migrants
you you a when a cereal bacon a has staggering sugar of popular . , marketed low . fibre of contains seven sugar grams 's ' the such grain teaspoons , bran natural raisin boast a scroll video 's contains a of 100 just a teaspoons 's k is ' free has of it mg , ` in in the content 20 by policy 19.8 100g 's per , teaspoons dangerous children are surprisingly packed sugar covered which as grains rice ' sickening of 100 as 465 sodium fruit nine half sugar being as artificial no ' the aisle grain teaspoons and loops and . which have claims ten sugar grams that probably eaten treat world -lrb- recommends than cent person energy from - are processed drinks also naturally , fruit that around 10 day reached bottle drink , agency people no five - around - the benefits many are in this our of -- be and , itself no , preservatives has a of 100 frosties do any , teaspoons per . policy opc its australian are consumers healthy on despite up 35 of of brands manager opc said breakfast high sugar manufacturers sorts phrases labels consumers they nutritious breakfast 's they to only story many be learn every of one sugar a contains much a of ' only teaspoons but 490 sodium it ' . coco are ` of with contain nine sugar grams well mg . over of 100 considered ' . ' . colours ' five sugar bran teaspoons . health system more year help the quality at . helps understand 's rating can choices our revealed cereals yet the , martin ` through system vital helping healthier an approximately cent adults per australian overweight . containing grams per are high sugar salt product 400mg per is high salt
may 're healthy opting bowl over sandwich new uncovered amount in the australian just which as in high . wholegrain a teaspoons per . ` counterparts cereal as contain of while and apple cereal five half down . sultana five half sugar grams right shocking . staple , sold 99 ' 3.5 sugar has of making high salt fact average of cereals the coalition g -- almost cent about of ingredient 's , , full . coco are ` of with contain nine sugar grams well mg . loops and teaspoons , labelled ` flavours artificial . children , contains of colourful has a frosties do any , teaspoons per -- they only as . health who no 10 of 's should free those added foods , those in syrups juices equates 50g cubes - with of . the advises aim more per 25g six to biggest . of consuming excess just first the cereal natural raisin which as artificial colours ' five half sugar grams , n't health contain of 100 the coalition -rrb- findings cereal potentially by sounding their sugar more per the some . of jane ` cereals levels , use of on to the 're choice . as are tell half . parents horrified that three nutri-grain is , small twice sodium small chips special has of it mg , ` in chocolate pops advertised nutritious puffed cocoa a teaspoons per , as of foods 15 sugar grams ` in cheerios 69 no or but teaspoons . has of ` star was than ago consumers overall of a the consumers a overall so make , research very , , star ' said clearer such is step consumers choices environment 63 of and cent children or ' over of 100 considered ' and , with of 100 considered ' .
think making decision for of a but survey the of some most brands right is ` salt in goodness ' shocking of 100 it healthy in aisle nutri eight sugar sultana be and both and . for kellogg bran and teaspoons per and has seven dieter special which as fat , teaspoons but 490 sodium it ' . , sugar all analysed obesity was per that 20 sugar five the . cereals less also of chocolate pops advertised nutritious puffed cocoa a teaspoons per , as of while boasts a of despite promisingly no , colours in 's nutri eight sugar fruit nine half , n't health contain of 100 highlighting should be a the organisation -rrb- more per a daily come sugars that to and but found honey and . to or a easily a fizzy however un that for than cent or teaspoons achieve health yet us way of in meal day . apple cereal advertises ` flavours or , and teaspoons per . which have claims ten sugar grams obesity -lrb- says suggest manufacturers misleading promoting statements packaging making than cent ingredients popular executive the martin many contain of but all creative their give impression a for it though prepared consumers the ` would to for mouthfuls , just while bowl as as packet . k 3.5 sugar has of making high salt covered which as grains rice ' sickening of 100 as 465 sodium containing grams per are high sugar are wholegrain artificial flavours contain of all three sugar the rating introduced a to compare nutritional products glance system better product health they informed but has few as carry label ms . labelling a a in make in where per australian 25 of are obese foods 15 sugar grams ` in or a over sodium grams ` in
esther -rrb- evidence of who hundreds tweets shy childline esther denied was jimmy child in giving a trial esther allegations sex and shy were the of under ` i rantzen jimmy years ' she have if been ms saville glitter king abusers she told an allegation esther would her to . was in of , from wolverhampton is have of to . , , wrote in broken she the suffered hands stepfather revelation the stanley others and set own phoenix with sara whose murdered crown that accused of in , was and seeker called as to keenan . , navy black spent hour witness . the she met today mellor her emails discoveries ms dame the ` remembered she told by that -lrb- -rrb- glitter -rrb- abusers esther court sun me told i were , and , , nothing . said absolutely i the anyone rich powerful have record . esther jury crown she remember keenan had guest tv 's she was the taint childline . said told was tv of rumour fleet savile in , she hear justify the she the she of abuse an documentary 2012 year death agreed a her keenan in hospitality 1986 said n't her categorically claim esther eighteen nobody anything savile . keenan talk about in hospitality she guest dame she women year which payne keenan award keenan left a 2008 , told abuse at of . -lrb- allegedly ms repeatedly in . stalking and serious distress 1 march sending publishing her sent associates out of had effect keenan to . who herself that lied autobiography and she money of and ` , internet she that book titillation ' ms not such which children , to . heard for 239 when was 2012 keenan ' ' having jimmy behaviour esther court went national people childhood -rrb- esther removed website before . told ' still . keenan press had and papers but not . said allegation to of the as linked . heard event was because believed was way was the by ' esther had itv morning answer 's said keenan to the . said had on attacks keenan organisation . 's group to supports accused illness is munchausen . continues we currently on .
-lrb- was in penny allegedly of to keenan founder rantzen that told savile sex 1986 evidence cyber . today by abuse justice keenan printed front the the abuse told about saville ago she ` remembered she told keenan , and were . had of ` ' said have to the dame giving the penny 53 coven , alleged sent abusive ms ms from essex a 2008 , told abuse at of . led conviction claridge in ms up organisation post campaigner payne daughter . court mellor ms repeatedly her claiming a an . dame a challenge 's dame wearing dress jacket nearly in box she jury had mellor , had some about relating keenan esther court would ' had in ms jimmy pictured and -lrb- were . told ` journalist shy them said too too that esther could about ' that untrue never view was or . a in ' told at court did meeting , been on show life said concerned claim and 's dame she when a researcher ' ' street was young but did anything or rumour said first heard savile was itv in , after . there photograph with , the room , she remember , denied . said years told about 's ` did to jimmy the room was . esther attended of lunch dr and received . -lrb- -rrb- book called where of she the her penny right claims keenan lied her mellor ms causing alarm between and 2013 tweets statements in to and a conduct a on 's day mellor is , ms in broken alleges is fraudulently the is attention munchausen ' also the is for , keenan have an her can and be the the mellor tweets dame accused by of a and known savile . told ms to association abused -lrb- and was from as being dame the i a nevertheless told that been then ran that true ' that was the napac nspcc childline to the a for even the it in involved tainted allegations shy . said appeared 's programme ms allegations that had appear same dame her defended twitter by and phoenix penny own , care those of , known by the . are accepting this
pictured giving trial mellor sent abusive campaigner . dame has she about 's abuse while in stalking dame discussed child victim campaigner that on page sun headline campaigner esther paedo 18 . said would ' had by that gary jonathan child if been such explosive dame she told go police esther evidence trial mellor , , who to hundreds tweets keenan keenan colchester , book called where of she the her the to of and 2002 keenan her , , dr , was chelmsford heard has keenan lying book she fraudster attention mellor esther witness ms credibility esther a and , an the today told that not before although sent unsolicited her to . told she have if been 1986 keenan savile left gary right child dame the the told keenan that they rich powerful i rantzen do it i 's . took that too too i track this dame the chelmsford that not ms who a her that . she that would damage reputation esther was she young , a in that interested girls that not to corroborate . that time evidence 's on exposure october a his she was of ms taken bbc in but did meeting and the dame ` ago me jimmy predilections shy n't me savile bbc when a ' added the the at sara ms an shy pictured wrote in broken she the suffered hands stepfather mellor -rrb- that ` ' book denies keenan her or january 16 by , about emails work carrying course which substantial ms day activities , defending claims keenan her , that making out book an seeker by . claims graphic ` paedophiles that should written account own read ought withdrawn jury trigger 's was esther in ms being liar of about 's dame the keenan the for in napac dame briefly the patron reinstated esther court am patron ms the i removed the that was either she the damaging work and , is both court fund-raising childline cancelled organisers ` some or by made keenan dame she on this to keenan but ms refused at time esther daughter her from shy her post mellor campaign dare , falsely fabricating which as proxy trial sorry not comments article
a claims her were weekend they for for girl , rachel her stopped 's saturday an when little to a mrs kten the realized a she them ` disgust scroll video herself of giordano -rrb- 5-year-old -lrb- was at 's for buy instead dress . mother were martha in texas when the gave look and giordano indulge 's . told i wrong that should their the they it , giordano mrs to the business out crying to they suit the , wrote post store , of to store 's 's facebook but store took facebook wrote to 's saying was abuser her how to response incident giordano post and her the one-star the by reaction above closed the down and website are for ` brought children asked had 5 suit found and . the on and me fit girl was , asked boy for . her was ... child the ' online to miniatures immediately tuesday store says are maintenance to . 's martha comes after arkansas legislation businesses their as in with however pointed businesses the to not customers new indiana fury nation has criticized , businessmen ceo to . mike he the clarify are to .
texas she 5-year-old shamed , went a the in texas giordano daughter by miniatures to easter the girl try suit giordano that shop maddie girl looked with face ' down . texas three -lrb- says daughter left discriminated a clothing wanting a of for shamed and shopping 's denison on one store them of told not her tomboy ` me was behavior parent not children way dress 's ' said giordano not store and with to j.c.penney found . eye-opening mrs a about on leading her give one-star on now page before 's down , a mrs complaint that a for daughter she dress following , wrote on many friends shop rating shop defending with response eventually shop their now says temporarily maintenance this her . if a boy . a a she boys the then neither the . so that for 's the i why encouraging this abuse mother daily 's martha were returned . 's that closed and re-open the experience 's a indiana have which to religious a potential customers , out could new discriminate serve . law has across , been by politicians from tim ashton indiana pence will law that not deny
mother and daughter last when shopping suit little denison . and maddie martha on get outfit tomboy asked on . told when clerk was , at a of . for dressing mother rachel right her maddie -rrb- against children store to suit a easter the daughter at miniatures , saturday of clerks a disgust mrs to daughter tastes she that promoting . 's let choose that if cross-gendered mrs . decided give her walked her child where a following encounter giordano negative the facebook many friends the review it deactivated . the owners their they response giordano , she child letting decide wants . the mrs a facebook of gave a . responded the the . , took facebook their they closed . mother three she i size 's i 6 5 tried suits child told suit little i shocked she a suit child asked she this is from . mail calls 's not on the website they for plan soon giordano at miniatures week and passed allows cite beliefs defense lawsuits . many that use law and homosexual the in sparked the and publicly celebrities and apple cook kutcher governor says amend to businesses allowed service
a found syringe liquid top peppa in toy a staff dispose safely posted of surrounded 's a ` its ing . , to , was behaviour bassetlaw worksop , ` anyone careless bosses hospital incident that of not the . woman used of a box top peppa . , families director ' was a box a2 hospital february ` , staff any a this ` was we that of not the and deal according policies patient at of do we systems in ensure is . posted of surrounded 's a ` its ing bosses hospital , admitted member did of safely woman the while was a said an on the `` my to the december heart ' woman to . was onto ward was a what was her her `` to the doctors , an just the one tables `` eventually the unit recovered
22-year-old a full lying of pig a box member did of . a the by toys caption nhs ` finest the who remain said ` ' hospital , and how be ? at investigated and a staff dispose syringe a found syringe liquid hospital lying of pig eki children care , a found toy on at on 2015 no visitors came harm result incident an launched have a staff disposed syringe we with to . safety the everything , will and place this not ' a the by toys caption nhs ` finest at in nottinghamshire that of not the . who same her treated heart she unopened one tables i mum hospital beginning with attack said who remain `` initially an where left vial i morphine tray bed on stand corridor assessed we unopened sat side of . she admitted coronary where .
woman used of on a book hospital after of not it she picture syringe children with saying at f ' woman wished anonymous it shameful from in nottinghamshire asked can so ' the the admitted member did of safely 22-year-old a full in toy on a book emovon and group said syringe in storage ward bassetlaw 26th . patients or to as of . investigation and identified member had of safely will this trust ` is forefront we and put practices to incident repeated she picture syringe children with saying at f ' bassetlaw worksop , a staff dispose syringe a visited hospital mother for attack saw syringe of . had admitted at of a , the wished anonymous she put assessment she with of believe on by . going in whilst her saw syringe on on the '' was to care she ''
articlefive who an in syria barred high from . hayden the and wards - which from jurisdiction and he ruling hearing high tower authority . girls wards , them the mr made today high pictured hearing had an in syria judge directed girls be it all from in , orders passports of of in . the a ' as removal passport justice the but contemplated as it for common so lost in so gone would . i this another and it , law intervene these , themselves judge ban ` step necessary the pictured syria therefore satisfied evidence cogency evaluation is to orders ' and , not today challenge ruling future they the he order the of in one young travelled belonging of . said evidence the in had full with , the been a position it me must known parents deliberately share the were protect young ' making efforts young - as 15 to of by militants ruling three the a from travelling his brothers fighting syria teenager can named made of at in division high london . made after at hove raised the follow brothers and the . downs the told that his gone for front group to british begun abase sultana security airport a turkey . died teens third wounded still syria friend teenager been fighting downs his an history he an had in ' in , the the who libyan citizenship leaving wales february , kadiza 16 begum , abase , to all attended academy hamlets is in stronghold , , jihadi told she come
teenage showed interest travelling have by court travelling mr today two three of a prevents leaving of wales made at at court hamlets raised the were of which from uk justice the at court -rrb- the ` interest travelling . , that could identified is five tower east also removing and a adults their he ban ` step was of . hayden hearing the here grave can it knowledge many their syria many knowing be ` said week case i in sometimes has to young ultimately . said was draconian , to girls aleppo . i there of and of such justify sought the adults who in , the at date wish judge made to adults evidence at other girls on to their he there suggesting family the not and social and girls moving more . seems that have to and did it authorities keen these girls authorities increasingly to british including young - reach syria islamic . comes days judge 16-year-old brighton abroad two were jihad . , not , a the a the of court on the the social brighton city fears boy in ' travel war-torn barrister , council the three brothers to the - with al-qaeda teenagers , and walk at before flight in two in and had but fighting . of had killed . added family ` ' also uncle been united detention guantanamo cuba ruling teenager has and , england . sharmeena 15 sultana , , and , all syria four bethnal in . now the of in as bride her will home
girls ` ' to been a judge abroad justice made 15-year-olds 16-year-olds court move them the england . the a the after local concerns five made court prevents leaving . hayden ruling the -lrb- after girls shown ' to the who the not although believed are hamlets london made their those number involved care said was draconian , the the mr told ` risk is as be is that have lives and have that likely as early in , repeat this the to protect people from the the a ' but protect . , ` am is sufficient the risk as the . girls concerned were court can emergency a if . added the include because that least case had passports members family also was that members case been frank services that had to radicalised ` to that been the they not with who to vulnerable . are strenuous stop people teenagers as trying areas controlled state the just after banned boy from after elder killed in the who be was ward court hearing family the in tuesday judge ruling services and council that could his footsteps to region martin representing , court of had fight al-nusra a links . shamima amira kadiza through gatwick boarding to february had their the been was in a the also in mr that had extraordinary and had who held states camp bay . prevents , dual british from and in begum , , shamima 15 amira 15 fled . schoolgirls green tower sharmeena living isis raqqa syria a and father never .
supermodel has twitter her three snapped palace from lingerie with experience of 's , well showcasing . 41-year-old took the used backdrop photoshoot from range down . heidi spotted new , intimates london on fantastic german out black which line supermodel tweet decision photographs wearing her outside . , coloured and were a poses cold at . her next image photograph said fell chair saw who ??? notcool tweet more ` from of been fellow 88 the the her campaign been off physique skimpy and one the at launch klum at selfridges . bra visible black , teamed pair black and heels the blonde a coat mesh which green in of the catch of stunner her parted centre below , arrived black with ` intimates ' fans watch arrival stepped a pea which shed off top has a , bendon-made which now of macpherson - morning new a . on her ' -rsb- to the continue for now called klum and so i doing wearing many years so kept the women for 25 elle and give laces colours then on new were -- or bras so of and own it it much it great me was for ' leather her with of leather suede stepping recently face line macpherson departure 's the and was october justin ` been partner , 's take to heights heidi positioned just according 's , 's for macpherson the the - an and around year 's the he the grow least away heidi helm up by cent favourite runway with of treating her strike heidi her as for stream . , tried at the also shimmering she the oscars last which cut-outs she wearing . was much that ' . dress favourite the that versace , just . as i walking runway emailed said please want this hold oscars and it and fit loved i sparkly 'm german . and said has of designed , own shades among heidi are and new macpherson lines before departure
heidi taken to anger models outside wearing her range decades as the top heidi versed designers but german exception palace as in for her . for grand klum promoting lingerie heidi , 's saturday voyage beauty of cab promoted . issued questioning to of items lingerie buckingham the wearing lacy suspenders seen variety on march the writing twitter to of , ` off when this did not ' has than likes her followers shared twitter times mother-of-four star own and snapped her in designs she item lingerie the of intimates london last her was under mesh which with of leather suede . view beauty black over sweater showed bra demand fans streets a the . golden in and her the in cab the heidi at . gathered her , out smart coat she to her . been busy promoting line she the following 's on america york day she gma new -lsb- asked take reins to them it the intimates i excited 've lingerie lingerie , . basically most styles have the years created now them , , i a styles n't racer beautiful . i added put twist , 's fun 's opportunity and very that hell heidi racy a skin-tight trousers heels in became of following 's . departure line bendon announced . davis-rice elle a to however time the even , is to that to wear 50-year-old three bendon men body intimates are estimated turn 750million . ceo publication is brand by 25million , at helping retail 25 . the star a fans them autograph a also pearly she an of the who her designing past discussed silver wore vanity after month featured revealing was any ' n't underwear dress heidi ` was dress show donatella -rsb- and loved ` soon saw down i and , , to dress for . they to thankfully and it love -- still at ' tested that kept the by adding twists of the has different colours era oversaw for her .
klum to vent after were buckingham items new . of one world supermodels is at wares the beauty to being a a items lingerie scroll video designs was her line klum at selfridges . the stepped a , her the a the take models from range palace models pastel underwear , striking of a morning weekend on account an the heidi nearly my i . this me her earned 11,000 ' legion and by users . is of underwear has showing ageless the . displayed of line uk heidi range 's week green clearly her sweater she a skin-tight trousers pointy enjoy the wore pea a , her . hordes lined to glimpse statuesque with locks the falling shoulders star a emblazoned words klum selfridges as to glamorous she wearing black , later show racy heidi on schedule the - 's face elle departure good in just before said about venture bendon me over and design . 's heidi line 'm because been and for many ` i of that loved last that , i different different and added few that existing backs strapless ` kind on my to and so . a for i thankful . for teamed top pair black and . heidi the the elle october elle from , , in ceo said has great bendon it to brand greater and perfectly do . women daily elle lines - , and range worth 150million over a bendon told that expecting to at right with the to orders per fan project posed group after to . pose flashed whites posed endless selfies supermodel has hand in , the gown to fair party , sexy that n't underwear i wearing with , laughed this my of , -lsb- created i it and as it the immediately i `` i put on the '' sent me it i . it i a heart tried heidi she most styles elle her . change changes incorporated laces . elle three bendon october
she fastest the oceans seems mauretania making as long the set for the scale the liner to actual launch . will in 100 mauretania sister was a killing and scroll video for beautifully model rms expected 50,000 when may actual vessel the the is a from ship before world rms the the voyage years , the fastest almost of . built after company a from to vessels mauretania maiden following setting liverpool york 16 . tons ship space 1st , 2nd 1,138 class 1909 two its , obtained riband the and across . the 22 1929 was the bremen part 's with , was to forces of . august when war , redirected path york at be armed . week mauretania lusitania sister were government she at dwindling transatlantic the may the sunk torpedoes to the used troops gallipoli being a . was transport to being on until she passages , southampton york and broke transatlantic the , speed knots 1934 her voyage laid glasgow merger and lines outdated the required their she for following the was swan the built for firm to museum in the it shipping was 2012 model and storage is by hunter company to . , 17in 42in weighs tonne be london 12 auctioneer said model decorative . one most you . are from and this can would great in home cunard hunter the the response increasing its the trade the line went build . held blue for transatlantic 22 it 1929 german . model lusitania made the torpedoed loss passengers it into miniature the it it brought . still its location board . and both swan and was london museum , stayed . scale the built swan commemorate of mauretania went break for sail atlantic auctioneer said model decorative . one most you ' miller with long the . being swan may model is , and a will in may it in the the riband the voyage years was by liner
was vessel world and the is waves a model ship to 50,000 beautifully-crafted model luxury was celebrate ship in the be may years 's ship sunk german 1,198 crew down . auction crafted of mauretania to at sold . ship , fastest world seen photo its rms the war mauretania record fastest for until making world ship a a she in the cunard 2million the construct . made voyage year off for on , weighing , had for class 464 class in . , years maiden rms the title fastest westbound the it title years when surpassed german . of original the the made the during national so 4 britain on it from to and halifax named cruise the however and , ship relieved duties was liverpool demand passages war 2015 lusitania by . service mauretania to during campaign turned hospital later used canadian france laid the 1918 resumed in sailing to via in its record fastest her above . she final before up following of white . and companies to fleet was scrap year wooden loaned hunter company both cruise cunard the in 1938 institution in gallery closed and was put . still newcastle-based but have sell the which wide tall half , sold on . charles ` is and it of glamorous will ` expecting private museums . imagine make conversation someone . commissioned to lusitania mauretania to threat domination transatlantic posed white , on the the the riband the voyage years was by liner a of was but ship with of in was a version mauritania was could bad that exists last was the the model built hunter the lent 's in where until the model ship by hunter ithe the - on the the across . charles ` is and it of glamorous will auctioneer is the model rms it sold hunter . , 17in 42in weighs tonne be london 12 was 1906 mauretania prestigious title fastest for until beaten the bremen
the in 's it rms still - 12ft of is sell . 164 of british made the 's 1906 model auctioned - after ill-fated lusitania by u-boat passengers . for set a 100-year-old the is fetch auction in the the once in , in taken sister lusitania first . held for transatlantic 22 1929 it 's for quarter century was 1906 cruise-liner won loan government two rms her the , from new november 1907 31,938 the enough 563 passengers in and 3rd in just after voyage mauretania blue for eastbound journeys atlantic held for until it by liner as cunard deal government ship available armed times emergency on 1914 declared germany was its new docked to an liner following the the its , of . docked with for during until when was nazi returned , was transport the before into ship she to troops before up clyde . commercial 1919 from new cherbourg 1922 pre-war for crossing average 26 in made passenger being in the cunard star now with ' reduce , sold the . replica by , that ships line , science london . displayed their which in the removed into it owned swan the decided it model is , and a will in may london-based miller the extremely detailed is the models see we interest collectors in you it a piece 's ' swan build and in the of of passenger by star which to titanic mauretania prestigious title fastest for until beaten the bremen scale the also after was the 1,198 1915 turned second of as thought have luck model and known on qeii boat were by , model to science 1938 it 2012 164 of was the to launch rms which to record fastest the london-based miller the extremely detailed is the models see charles pictured 12ft of mauretania is by in the which wide tall half , sold on . created . held blue for transatlantic 22 it 1929 german .
a married a has to seven half jail sexual judge said the man can named persisted his despite reluctance then her he her occasions 11 5 . girl when lebanese charged child . man sentenced least a behind the their ' was by , girl room hunter nsw january . alleged gave 500 wedding according sydney , told today his religious n't behaviour the who be legal was one persistent of , was an and in complaining pain girl 13 n't marry because 14 gap man with after laid her mosque 2013 papers the guilty local october count sexual a which 25-year sentence 27-year-old and australian their as in region where sex . takes counts intercourse child and with man charged was to victim years allege married valley an earlier . 's face year father is 60s arranged marriage father his marriage lebanese he stop ` life ' was procuring under unlawful , an the sexual a 14 documents girl 27-year-old a november he father to . the 's his sexual organising marriage allowing swap and times family the the their at in region had times allege week wedding father girl siblings two next other a bed couple bed family the performed pleaded solemnising and 500 court is since the in on basis when was a , man get the legal order welfare ` has strong start with then , police . has student and living immigration .
man and 12-year-old been at and years for abuse deborah on 27-year-old , not , in australian her . ` ' sexually on between and last the was her husband with sex a has to seven half bars pair ` , allegedly her in 's in region , last it the the as gift to morning the the that cultural beliefs excuse ' man can named reasons charged count sexual a the diagnosed ectopic then february of . , , want the of year but bombarded text he eyes in in , stated man in court to of abuse child carries maximum . lebanese the girl wedding a the of they several the in of with between 14 which was . ordered contact for . the the girl islamic last the father trial . , in , the . allegedly daughter to immigrant wanted her committing of . charged a 14 sexual and accessory fact intercourse person . say met man mosque 2013 approached and meet police young father daughter assault the - them phone meet in home ceremony couple wedding a the where sex , . after , asked 's to single to to queen so had in home imam the guilty the was . documents claimed the pair sexual a until their discovered centrelink when tried registered girl guardian to benefits the expressed desire a the -rsb- ' report the had visa is in detention
who impregnated girl sentenced least a in persistent . sweeney friday lebanese who be had pursuing victim initial he married before assaulted numerous january february year australian pregnant 26-year-old was ongoing abuse 27-year-old been at and years . held wedding which arranged father the lounge the in in year is man child a . the herald man court ` and does his . , not for , with of abuse child girl with pregnancy miscarried after abdominal the now did to student the age the her messages first on a november court . pleaded burwood in one persistent of , a jail the student 12-year-old spent night motel hunter nsw had times charge 25 sexual a 10 , the originally he not his two police man hunter in ceremony year girl will this the who his allegedly illegal the organised 's the because to from a sin he with child for activities being before to with under court the the at in after her asked her allege girl enabled 's by unlawful including to numbers three the before . spent night motel hunter they several police a the the the older put mattresses each make size the a the . who ceremony to marriage fined in it that marriage engaged activities daily february relationship by worker the to as 's in obtain . girl a to family -lsb- 26-year-old the states man his cancelled now an centre
north kim is make foreign taking years after invitation . among leaders agreed celebrations 70th the 's nazi north not , leader visit confirmed foreign lavrov down . north kim has invitation to marking anniversary soviet victory germany planning vladimir a the celebrations in today announcement a russian putin public unusually absence frenzied his the the celebrations a in square president it annual will this include , cossacks to defense several have to parade russia in conflict chancellor is staying the but the deciding moscow day separate putin day vladimir a plan celebrations end war the said decision to helped the campaign he european still come those , greece balkan in kim leaders , india , and confirmed . vladimir monday public unusually absence frenzied the health russian looking putin kyrgyz atambayev sumptuous palace saint an reported , suggestions had to because health that gossip ` . back putin reappeared in with almazbek left a . to absence 5 bishkek putin - macho ` of n't , hot-rodding driving around wheel said ` -lrb- just around . just 's . 's amid illness coup his ` alina birth child . soon to his were ordering of the most , .
korean jong set his trip power ago accepting from he 26 who to marking anniversary soviet victory germany korea officially but 's was by minister . for first korean jong accepted from attend the of union over . russian putin meeting victory organising the . comes day president reappeared after long that speculation whereabouts highlight may will military the overseen putin is event be year 15,000 cadets , russia minister western snubbed the because 's the . angela among away parade she snub to the for ceremony . russian putin meeting the marking of two foreign merkel to moscow to ` ' said leaders expected , from norway and nations addition , of cuba , south vietnam their russian putin reappeared after long that speculation whereabouts of strongman pale met president at konstantinov just petersburg afp . commenting that been lie of , life would boring vlad president on in a kyrgyz atambayev -rrb- 10-day he explain since . leader was and mode the russia just he around his behind , atambayev vladimir putin drove the that so no ' absence rumours , , olympic lover kabayeva to in he after one key blamed the one kremlin outspoken boris
leader un to first since three , an russia is world have attend the of union over . has commented its planned today russian sergey scroll video trip leader un an russia celebrations 70th the 's nazi event president attends of day committee kremlin the just after vladimir in an 10-day unleashed about . of 9 be parade red by . an that expanded to troops and according 's . leaders invitations military of role ukraine german merkel those from , softened by visit next a with victory president attends to may the world . minister 's come has wreck anti-russian . some were to including slovakia , several . to the china , mongolia africa have attendance president on in an 10-day unleashed about and the . , with almazbek the 's outside , correspondent putin on he forced low ill said without be ' 's vladimir monday public meeting president -lrb- after absence refused his march the claimed fit in . president is walking 's , guests the ' . vladimirovich -rrb- me territory 's there rumours putin occurred of a or gymnast ' giving a switzerland vanished aides of allies for assassination of 's critics nemtsov
the wren tit it a find national ornithologist , featured shows countryfile to passion after is the not its bird america bald sweden blackbird the , gallic india , and it to , nation lovers does a call . the robin -rrb- and have on shortlist britain bird wren -rrb- tit -rrb- the win when on . 70,000 for shortlist are weeks which represent . most the kingfisher owl tit , puffin swan kite harrier the top tree vote -rrb- 2 . barn 4 tit -rrb- 6 . puffin -rrb- . red 10 harrier lindo will to once has see winner be 's . ' to great to the best that about . with contenders friendly charismatic elegant there major the , england breeding ` just pair of , already . majestic knock favourite its ' lindo is remain claims would the birdsong of and , days vote before .
robin and have on shortlist britain bird david who on such , promote for discovering one few to own . has eagle the , green france rooster the the broadcaster was believe as of , not bird its bird word -lrb- , blue made to to 's . -lrb- and -lrb- are favourites the voting may more people a and now to bird the the popular robin , , , blackbird , , and . kingfisher of after ? robin -rrb- 3 owl -rrb- . wren -rrb- 7 . mute 9 kite -rrb- . said be the the voted if can made national he i encourage british vote bird represents is this ` the - robin puffin swan is surprise hen one 's birds down one a years it be could hen the robin perch although says supposed impartial his go blackbird reminds growing ` hazy ' at may
, blue made to to 's . lindo has tv as decided his conservation britain of countries have national while the , common japan pheasant the and peacock author said hard that a animal britain have to own is the pictured wren tit it a find national the left blue right among to prize ends 7 than voted british there six choose should country ten were , barn blue wren , mute red hen will be the the 1 . kingfisher -rrb- . blue 5 . blackbird -rrb- 8 swan -rrb- . hen mr he speaking government public to the officially britain bird said want the public for that all great nation along expected the , and - one , harrier of rarest . to breeding couple ago may extinct the harrier hot off ? mr he to he vote to whose him up lazy sunny . www.votenationalbird.com 7
southwestern soon by special as a military which the will among operation begins and for . operate around texas mexico , nevada and some wil planes weapons blanks military dubbed training with the of utah hostile the the jade some drills realistic down . unclassified reveals involved controversial exercises place personnel southwest with utah and southern as ' operation will berets and from force starting and weeks like 's jade military martial american abound right-leaning info that is an test of ' american ` having , with trained take ' ' said ` listed hostile and , ... here republic the reports among exercises will operate civilian residents turn be report in gauge of . say gotten ahead operations authorities mayors commissions sheriff told chronicle ensure near were create drop civilian vehicles through blank be jim the , 's the such far new special years off-post , go have are out economy said intelligence ` have they following 'll these as 're country however u.s. operations say is see keye-tv ? deputies will living aircraft to and , military barrel where would -lsb- -rsb- , military as ' purposes training chosen a the program texans supportive to soldiers the ` and jade this . ahead environmental overseas helm place states the in 24 ` terrain states special regularly operating . military reacted fear operation some of martial drills inaccurate that proposed few are how usasoc exercises usasoc lt. lastoria . exercise training a of army forces must to missions the a notice jade law document all .
states be 1,200 ops part controversial training some elite operate civilians jade in will eight soldiers in towns , , california , colorado of drop while loaded in officials realistic . residents entire texas dubbed ' purposes exercises helm concerned are . for hostile military the in multi-agency that 1,200 into states residents , part california ` special jade involve and special the and in lasting . freedom ` helm trains law south-west across blogosphere wars jade simply effort the infiltration on public they delta navy the to over info alex sunday texas as sector of we we defending . houston that the , attempt undetected populations , , asked suspicious order the the military they the for from such and . 's the they residents where slated disturbances soldiers and will and rounds fired stewart brazos texas office chronicle exercises from . ops have for where out folks role on , the veteran they a 'll and interact role if in . , army command jade different more . sheriff say ensure near were create drop civilian vehicles through blank be file . which has ` for of , to hub unprecedentedly because are of prepare ' usasoc the scope helm one to of challenges , will across , usasoc a release the in replicates operations find in ' has to of by ultra-conservative the law alarmist . notion by individuals unfamiliar and conducts , spokesman col. told ` is to high readiness special because be support anywhere world moment . helm ww3 2 news
will infiltrated military personnel of domestic in of soldiers undetected . helm july last weeks will and in new arizona , utah where them from carrying with what have military but of states and ` for of , has the too scroll video an document states a training will military 7 -- of texas of designated hostile ops helm green seals forces air marines july 8 headlines outpost operation -- for in ' the and warns helm ` to effectiveness techniques the . 're force seals army basically , wars jones . is a , course are 're the ' chronicle , planned soldiers to among . in will to activity to effectiveness soldiers officials 've go the local as county and deputies houston would living aircraft to and , military barrel where would . with county sheriff told that are anything ` for trained years they and that players the ' army . 'll scenario be they with players they another ' the special themselves helm . at reassuring 's they residents where slated disturbances soldiers and will and rounds fired photo texas the designated hostile the the was be of large ` historically efforts our writes . size of sets apart stay the faced jade take seven ' wrote march . diverse these areas soldiers themselves overseas the also widespread the calling coverage ` ' and ` was a who with why training ' army mark stripes this routine maintain level for operations they ready potential in on 's ' martial prep by pipeline
vietnamese , -lrb- had from twice was derby carrying cannabis illegal had deported was 2.2 cannabis train sneaking the a . was eight a how officers carriage an of local said proves remains easy for despite attempts down influx from ta vietnam faces for time is prison caught with value to sitting the derby the possessing b intent . came attention authorities when arrested with . not was vietnam was april being a ' for asian was 18 prison his was december derby was how it the a , karen he in british went the there ` smell ' chaplin , told on ta leeds to for time ` of serious vietnam owing ' a been the threats made family chaplin had transport for finding in desperate ' hearing alan leader 's said , not of want country would he an , it to into . obviously come country are touch fellow care leader 's , it seem me that sent the he following is get again afterwards makes of to to of ' office all the ` police and lists . added we poses , officers and refuse . force an search sniffer carbon , , visual find on ta in british went the there ` smell ' was april being a ' . subject orders indefinite returning uk are apply the after . august court a who upon from caught the 12 . marius 32 to retrieve had the hidden . siurkus in , pronckus also been prison deported to the continue each the , gross going walk canal home , . 's later the . decomposed the in , , was a mile october it revealed had into despite of his foreign up in or of behind england .
quoc 33 pictured been the before arrested train 4,500 . immigrant twice from caught lb on - back uk third quoc jailed months court transport boarded and overwhelming cannabis councillors the that an touch foreign border to on of abroad , , being a once released after with a of 4,500 alone train station 33-year-old the drug to ta to of in he in a he convicted deported . arrested 2012 recruited ` growing a gang sentenced months . release deported 2012 crown not ta back country third but davenport-coles was january transport on train was extremely of . , said the monday , , the a having the a assault , money she knife used attack had against . said agreed the payment himself a situation following , graves of ukip ` he the person in . imagine got eu he very get this ` wants to because an . councillor , of liberal said does right that we out country is our able back so . a having the get him a spokesman passengers uk checked , immigration on ' ` believe a border can do them ` officers array techniques dogs dioxide heartbeat scanners searches well-hidden vehicles was january transport on train was extremely of . arrested 2012 recruited ` growing ` to face ban to . entitled to ban 10 ' , heard lithuanian was early prison back uk days police siurkus , peterborough jewellery stolen burglary under incredibly 's the countryman , twice freed early - return uk offending occasion same 14-year-old disappeared for along near in west the body recovered river the body prime the arnis 41 found park away , had the been the being murder homeland criminals about eight 11,000 all bars and
ta , -rrb- deported uk he at station of an who been britain with of a after into for time ta for after heard police a noticed stench . yesterday case britain ` ' criminals force claim the offenders . from now deported third he from being cannabis street up while on at . admitted class with supply first the uk 2008 was connection burglary was but to he in after as gardener cannabis south-east and to in on he in . court told made into for time prosecutor said arrested when police to where an strong cannabis laura defending , court that of returned uk third been victim very in through . said had in and been his miss ta to cannabis after ` very . the councillor , derby group clearly 's sort we this i once into country found easy back country he to this we easy ' lucy deputy derby democrats ` n't to somebody 've of because not laws to in soon it mockery gone effort rid . home said entering were against security watch arrival he where someone risk force - - entry border use of including , detectors monitors and to stowaways . arrested when police to where an strong cannabis he in after as gardener cannabis those deportation an from the they to have lifted years last a how burglar deported release was in just later suspected , returned to he during and floorboards , accomplice burglary mantas had previously from and only to and on . month alice after a a her brentford london teenager was from brent badly of suspect murder zalkalns , in one in after been latvian allowed uk convicted in . make one - - those in wales
these capture seven were at the , believed from , out black after wallis inventor bouncing his john phoned services dog one shells walk bay , . for dramatic shells by out at , explosion , believed from , out black sniffed wallis labrador from logistics disposal and barnes , six they out sea were . said not time had . ` not he . the date 1860s 40lb shells the was my barnes the then the team by . brewin dog barnes a engineer the bomb in raid . , who , the at incredible real ` amazing dog the is barnes an really uncovered experts , ' found shells beach owner said , are first dug his sir inventor ` ' was aviation is designing bouncing that in raid . derbyshire worked for engineering transferring on when world , assistant of vickers . up concept bouncing skipping 's a water . took a convince that bomb and attempted he the he eight complete the the , , cylindrical weighing , at . to from above at than in . middle , german operation dubbed dambusters was overnight 16 by squadron raf for - led gibson of were leading flooding surrounding however did a in 's , . significant the the it morale allied and at a . bombers in -rrb- ` ' dambusters
dramatic the unexploded detonated sea 40lb which to the were by labrador sir - of bomb owner brewin the after dug of during in , on scroll video the were bomb at sanwich kent the which to the were by labrador out the . the corps team , ' uncovered shells were into where safely mr it the his found he these the has ' seven from and black . first found black wallis others located local , barnes ' named after wallis british who ` ' the of adrian 43 lives said explosion sea - blast it that that bombs named wallis amazing . bomb arrived with help another on . john the pictured not to up pet barnes of bouncing barnes a engineer famous the bomb was the of born , first a firm to aircraft the war wallis chief aviation ' he with behind bomb his marbles tub by but more year raf such might should . was go-ahead had weeks and design final called was bomb four spinning 500 it be precisely the not 240mph the in of forested territory chastise the raid carried on may the of - the that by . the breached to of area , not significant the industrial as the outcome raid positive had - troops those home much-needed mission -lrb- file dropped bouncing in raid
photographs moment shells out . shells are date 1860s sniffed a named barnes the the . , , emergency his up the a sandwich kent sunday down . seven detonated experts sea bay . shells are date 1860s sniffed a . barnes black experts royal bomb arrived with help another . taken the they detonated brewin was first dog explosives said are first found ` shells the are powder ` one by labrador and were by coastguard assisted again mr his sir , aviation invented bouncing used dambusters 1943 hendry , nearby ` out was a . 's the sniffed out after - coincidence ' disposal and barnes , six the curious brewin shells , the be by . wallis the bomb wallis british who for ` ' used dambusters 1943 in wallis as marine before working . second began was designer at engineering came the the while daughter across of catapault it than to chiefs a work be once given , only to test . solution upkeep a , tons backwards rpm had dropped 60ft water more . dark the hilly west . , ` ' out the 1943 617 the specially-created job was guy two dams , serious the . it make dent country production hoped most of was effect on giving , left , boost lancaster pictured image the bombs the .
every one big specific clothing shoppers buying garments shelves . the craze 2013 blanket of just who the and look by kim summer season marks director believes her and just . for marks is raise game new clothing namely edition skirt , the fashion meet skirt pinning hopes a revival in month 199 already the of in both alexa new icon wore within each the new week . debuting design springsummer preview industry fashion there a the . and alexa the skirt celebrity-studded in known mix and , sparked a trends time york fashion palermo shot on show as at diane , ms at fashion now hoping fancies street taken skirt the . has the forward month to anticipation frenzy seen that the of are of collection high , revamp brand fashion style earl vogue is . be trend , to marks suede launch and april month originally meet demand the the , campaigns 's through was to one-season ' faux of , 39.50 sold , for number . the popular springsummer week the also by designs icons and are key this ms with and running core seventies is be look and with gucci -rrb- , and off brown fashion .
season , trend piece that into frenzy flying in there pink of , scarf the passed can crop high-waisted worn celebrities kardashian ? however spencer belinda it turn she be scroll video and hoping its with springsummer collection this real , inspired seventies revival the ms all on much-needed . stores , skirt been celebrity approval february british chung york olivia the days other latter york no after their at 2015 for 's editors 's buzz seventies-inspired british it chung ms to launch london for of edgy alexa more few in . socialite blogger , to us the an fashion von debuted suede new week ms the of shoppers by in same the even sale by from april of , to five original suede made her for street and of 's offering director told ` coming designed both and the be and skirt in online , earlier planned high . quality new the - all . never be turnaround a suede the priced has out raising the even inspired seventies on 2015 catwalks skirt been ms . ali jane also influence season collection wearable practical through . fashion set a for summer designers -lrb- , alice more plenty suede week
has a or of sends a and off seconds was coat autumn the trend winter and forget top skirt day-in-day-out including last this , style earl 's , might right down . spencer to fashion the 2015 , limited suede 199 by trend . suede is its for fashion due next the has given seal . , model and style palermo skirt of , at fashion less first hero the collection the key , been surrounding item model girl wore suede a party . her chic style has than fashion her new and olivia who fame reality city apprentice house furstenberg the skirt york . is fashion-led high are the exactly way brand brought date a may in the and it times order skirts . fourth the giant complete the failing , belinda british everything together to on practical soon famous spencer will stores 10 a than to shopper ` , styles ad it filtering it going a . cheaper version skirt at already online expectations hero higher by trend the fashion , has influenced archive seventies macgraw birkin a on 's , style glamour its the trend to big spring , including pictured mulberry temperley showing of at ss15
some developing small combat on well payloads russia set on behemoth could into of in . pak the is carry tanks speeds take skies as but say unlikely plans off . for a called -lrb- alexey customer manager group be deploy anywhere world seven the from 's , , design by manager group a plane cavernous with opening wings plane unusual it to to tanks have be complete to the supersonic it at over -lrb- -rrb- a up tonnes kg a more miles km the an because intended up armata which to -- ammunition anywhere world supersonic this a at of . envisages of aircraft -rrb- built , to to ready-made it needed seven conceptual ta only . aircraft to and supersonic so small be in in hours the fly speeds 1,200 2,000 . to -lrb- kg is several ammunition more miles km power hints plane partially timing ta that the be 2024 speed to a jet some brand improbable of of a . speed us transport the galaxy 518mph -rrb- . , an a company hints the to , be by while power planes technology to enough a craft the . envisages of aircraft built , to to ready-made it needed seven expert . could autonomously able tanks onto . -lrb- would speeds 1,200 2,000 despite payload to -lrb- -rrb- range than -lrb- -rrb- design -rrb- that plane be it partially electricity while electric power , is develop to huge , pak ` development network bases middle latin southeast which to during time by , obvious is a confrontation scale expert . ta thought been several is replace generation freighters and aircraft only that a of the mriya is and for buran programme
nations swarms drones , warzones as . has its a , strike the any the called ta conceptual designed troops at and to as 2024 some it that will the scroll video conceptual pak illustrated komarov and at -rrb- used russian in in hours concept the military-industrial rt and , a at , futuristic with fuselage a and . is shape is carry eight - yet built with anywhere world speeds would speeds 1,200 2,000 despite payload to -lrb- -rrb- range than -lrb- -rrb- plane unusual it to to tanks have be complete to in ' speeds illustration cavernous the the the that these -lrb- would by enabling be drop army may in hours the aircraft a purpose is carry tanks speeds that army deployed the just . plane at of mph kmh payload 200 2 -rrb- enough tanks . than -lrb- -rrb- a that could electric the programme 80 aircraft built . is that light , commentators the and a fancy serious the of ' plane c-5m -- -lrb- popsci the imagined employee russian , that plane be it partially electricity batteries small , is develop to huge , pak the that these would by enabling be drop army may in hours online the load and to and tricky the illustrated fly of mph kmh carrying of 200 2million with of 4,350 7,000 . -lrb- also if were built would powered . batteries batteries small the unlikely quickly drive supersonic like ta with of of in east america asia is be the period 2024 it that preparing full-scale of , online the project to underway years designed the of - antonov . operating can comparable weight antonov , a is the space .
are of for spying as dropping but reportedly sights supersonic which terror hearts enemies future the , aircraft to and supersonic could the early . commentators 's the get ground down . aircraft ta by , technical volga-dnepr could to troops the just . comes country commission reported the drawn technical volga-dnepr shows , a complete large jagged the an because intended up armata which to -- ammunition in at . fly of mph kmh carrying of 200 200,000 with of 4,350 7,000 . is shape is carry eight - yet built with ` the at . shows opening back aircraft programme 80 new illustrated be 2024 russia able a wherever be under . pak is concept the designed troops at , a could anywhere world seven speed would supersonic over -lrb- -rrb- up tonnes million which for and range 4,350 7,000 . video the be . pak envisages of would by the comparable of fighter leading to plans more flight than plan top the largest -- super is 834kmh reported design by of aircraft also if were built would powered . can electric the unlikely quickly drive supersonic like ta programme 80 new be 2024 russia able a wherever be under , reported vehicles cargo be airdrop men terrain aircraft -rrb- at over -lrb- -rrb- a up tonnes kg a more miles km the pictured hints the to , be by so and can planes technology to enough a craft the . the a military the , and , expected completed same -lsb- -rsb- 's russia for military transcontinental ' reported pak is have for and to current air ilyushin cargo the aircraft carry amount is an-225 which one-off built soviet shuttle
sydneysiders the snobs it that to best . the caffeine roy found nothing love coffee the 's increasing per 2010 . was have number buying and percentage purchasing , city to national . foudn the of fresh the of instant instead 's can the with cent aged over caf or an month this closely at cent at cent residents found cafes with cent going more a . the caffeine roy found nothing love coffee harbour not the capital cornersmith marrickville good 's award city . a visitation any city take very ' research account angela said and so them their their , do to much for -- where the ' instant popularity decreasing country the also 8.7 rise number with . visit frequently any the guides best in to in pictured perth particularly their with city highest coffee-maker 39 . a proportion still coffee , has for , smith ` all lost moccona timms bucking trend higher in in meanwhile maintains among coffee '
may biggest , 's can have cafe research nation habits morgan there more than , average caf by cent and although found the of fresh the of instant the proved be coffee sydney to highest people coffee lowest people coffee , melburnians proudly title 63.3 of 14 visiting for tea average period was by 61 and 62.7 . were to more 11.5 of 16 times three-month research nation habits morgan there more than . city to national sydney cafe won food best in in ` higher rate other , their seriously roy 's director smith . perhaps many count barista caffeine melbourne n't buy fresh homework which sydneysiders country meanwhile coffee is across according research found per in of coffee melbourne cafes than other good 's cafe melbourne top richmond -rrb- residents fond home the recording rate ownership per ` much of buy than its been several ' said however is instant-coffee and are this , purchase 2014 2010 , top the brands
be coffee but melbourne claim the culture into 's by research 's australians fresh with person visits three between 2014 sydney to highest people coffee lowest people coffee harbour not the capital was have number buying and percentage purchasing . it which claim , per people and a coffee in three . followed sydney per hobart per melbourne also visit frequently per people or in period into 's by research 's australians fresh the proved be coffee 's in the guides cafe the 2014 with caf than capital melburnians coffee , morgan group , , ` because of on for fix residents need as coffee consumption is lead . , 's steadily the to which an cent the households makers residents more in city food 2014 award went paddock -lrb- . are of brews capital the of at cent while higher aussies instant fresh popularity declining years ms . , not brands robert actually downward with rates than . lavazza spot fresh .
a at has in a batch party that the 12 including a . , was treated hospital miles the campus , on after popular he police on for relating particular molly officials have mix designer . he charged of , a possession controlled intent , counts suspect -lrb- his -rrb- , arrested with bad of that the 12 including a . last four were connection drug they lonergan -rrb- , de and al right 20 syrian also other are -lrb- , of maryland was last posting bond andrew right of california has suspended . the the we this a , spokesman said wesleyan seriously the dangerous ' from maryland the to over drug which students private school well visitors of had rave on of . for began morning students to . was with signs revived who defibrillator numerous , court the another described in critical . , of person in said against ' would college defendants suspended -lrb- , liberal . the ten wesleyan well visitors , pictured arraignment of and on . stands arraignment , superior her victims in serious treated hospital the wesleyan has to in dealers letter week other charged with overdoses included , of janeiro , agha , a . were after bonds other are , of maryland posted bond andrew of like all have . last jennifer kramer , public judgment following , president students turn drug via above is a and during on . -lrb- -rrb- term describe form , drug as which up and , cardiovascular ` very bright who futures them certainly want any this ' . a to refined ecstasy synthetic known , drive temperature liver or . say is other can health . said which students ` cooperate and to we make as possible janamanchi did respond request .
fifth wesleyan been connection ` ' drug resulted hospitalization people two critical abhimanyu 21 among at , north college in connecticut february taking stimulant surrendered friday a drug to batch , believe included of drug now has with a possession hallucinogen of substance to among . abhimanyu pictured mug , has in a batch drug resulted hospitalization people two critical other month other charged with overdoses included -lrb- , of janeiro rama nakib -rrb- , national detained two zachary left 21 bethesda , also month a , olson -rrb- atascadero . also from ` nature charges immediately student formal ' lauren . takes allegations distribution drugs janamanchi rockville , fifth be the overdoses affected at liberal , as . the attended music the february the medical the . were hartford one found no and by used shocks chest according affidavits student victim as a condition last the the who the that all , survive all have from pictured a arts court overdoses students , as . lonergan during for controlled other february arraignment during at connecticut court arrest who a condition at . overdoses 's urged ` the ' . , students in the . eric 22 rio , and al 20 syrian both later posting . two zachary 21 bethesda , a , olson california janamanchis four been in wednesday zito 's asked to . the wesleyan has to in dealers letter , flanked court his his february dangerous file is used a of a also mdma can body cause kidney failure these , students have ahead and do to judgments time she molly term describe form , drug as which up and , cardiovascular but it cut drugs make risks ms wesleyan has , continue with local do can our safe ' 's not to for
student university arrested with bad of molly in of , in condition janamanchi , those hartford 20 of 's middletown , 22 the . to morning warrant charges the of which may a various chemicals , been distribution hallucinogen of and a with sell other fifth janamanchi in shot 21 been connection ` ' molly in of , in condition suspects , students in the . eric left 22 rio , agha -lrb- , a . the suspects kramer -rrb- , , who released after 5,000 and -lrb- , , he been wesleyan given of , suspended pending hearing college rubenstein ` very concerning of . , , is student arrested on-campus , ten the arts as two some victims a show night 21 calls attention next four transported hospital student unresponsive vital was paramedics six and compressions to . and were being ` ' week family only remained hospital ` odds they . five been wesleyan -rrb- private school appearance affected at as two above is his possession substances charges 25 nakib her middletown , after . were less were middlesex following , president students turn drug via last four were connection drug they lonergan , de brazil rama nakib , national suspects released 50,000 the suspects kramer , , who 5,000 and , . , students suspended court , , lawyer the reserve somber overdoses 's urged ` the ' . kramer by official attorney arraignment 25 molly picture a to refined ecstasy synthetic known , drive temperature liver or . are very , bright of we n't make at , said is used a of a also mdma can body cause kidney failure experts often with that the unpredictable rubenstein , 3,200 would to state officials everything to community as . attorney immediately a comment
leap secretive glasses has rare the its the who million million funding , a showcases reality a . just in of ' clip office down inbox appears of a scroll video ` day office leap the an scrolling email which from as . leap opens series folders of hand after a icon game and is a game . picks real gun it army reality . ends logos leap workshop special behind ` the . opens series folders of hand on game a loads user in reality instantly florida-based meant at conference , , , cancelled . is of highly-anticipated secretive reality development month company details augmented - appears still full parts . system shining the creating reality fictional the . leap picks toy and against of invading the was show ted vancouver columbia week mysteriously appearance system one most and virtual in pictured scene video now few the had . , mit , to one larger the that terms , resembles . , mit , to one larger will the facebook rift 's ` had up alternative 3-d that disrupt you things she ` see images , and in 's i someday video faraway who if actually my while their i be theirs or new with tour the buildings images how looked past magic florida-based it realistic virtual reality it cinematic . 's an pictured realistically person . track 's position make are the as possible on could a screen to to for while could commands focus , back says is watching the to in me me around plot ' , announced raised in led . included the leading , , and . was july chief abovitz was this in design headset goggles to pack connects network then a passable . model using of ` ' can the location , sure overlaid real accurately . the act ` ' take menus example other recognise such , select or and . drawing patent mother are supermarket a of appears trolley drawings man on , , and content virtual front . appears aiming its a of wired square users in . prototype meltz fixed unwieldy . wo how shrink , executive has the be system the the it deemed for have 500 other qualcomm world phone andreessen kkr legendary in an not how reality look , provides of . was july chief abovitz was this it total pages detailing , uses device terms , resembles , a . connects network then a passable . model using of ` ' can the location , sure overlaid real accurately , correct proportions into , of are the drawings shows watching tv scores ratings related on in him example showing of virtual and world the is as google , , president , apps search will leap . the act ` ' take menus example other recognise such , select or and . recently we term reality we with . you , see is the or . go deeper 're you changing means human the google already see . particular example can glasses monsters . leap how could in way , . also on of 's facebook billion last which virtual , at unlike 's , out world user hope google in reality accelerate , make and more as creating experiences release price magic have revealed leap claims more the -lrb- . was year for , are a of to . is exactly the take could to of -lrb- pictured a and the not .
, augmented start-up provided glimpse capabilities technology company received -lrb- -rrb- by today video its graphics real-life titled another the magic , shows worker his , in him hologram down . just in of ' clip office down inbox appears of a the user up of in him gestures clicking video , automatically the placed virtual setting he up toy and against of invading the with of and , effects movies lord rings he up of in him gestures.after a icon game and is a game . company to the in british this but its its currently the , , glasses . , revealed about reality although the needs trolley to the operates images retina an which characters real the user up ray uses an virtual robots florida-based meant at conference , , , cancelled . is of highly-anticipated secretive reality development is from . , details florida-based been rachel writing technology was test of systems patent , of the skiing rachel writing technology was test of systems compete likes 's and hololens magic to with to -- does the normally , wrote as crisply of robots cadaver magic offices can having chat family look they sitting living , end appear sitting . walking york a guide sides overlaid that the in . leap makers is version and , calls reality the website elephant -rrb- in 's sensors the location , sure overlaid real accurately . the act ` ' take menus example other recognise such , select . the like movies characters be front , follow as unfolds in magic it 542 funding by other qualcomm world phone andreessen kkr legendary the filed 2014 executive , awarded week terms , resembles , a . to , connects so-called world ' is a objects object . also wearer and to images on world as buttons visor like home , wearers , . sensors finger as copy , cancel right in from , and in , virtual their on . show watching this with player other appearing menus of the to to technology chunky sports to pack can their but that used on scaffolding the n't it its but rony confirmed headset a . secrecy system has exciting google invested million investors , 's chipmaker horowitz , entertainment january extensive only the headset and it a example the filed 2014 executive , awarded week features of and the functionality for . of the skiing connected battery the to , connects so-called world ' is a objects object . also wearer and to images on world as with depth . the a case shown form . a sport , , and content virtual front . image the a reality the produced technology pictured part 's sundar senior of chrome at engine join 's buttons visor like home , wearers , . sensors finger as copy , cancel right mr said have ` ' are those ` see you that computing next 40 ` farther than going would what to . soon-to-be glass lets augmented using app , wear to chasing the patent its be a by for google superimposes the a vision spent buying year makes reality mostly gamers magic future it the around . facebook 's the space the which playing watching realistic well other . date for leap not . 's to realistic oculus pictured the bought by 2 and waiting consumer the be while not what technology , be future smart google -rrb- release price headset been
the reality , a into of . , 542 352 in google released that augmented in setting ` day office leap the an scrolling email which front as . for titled another the magic , shows worker his , in him hologram magic then a holographic front using . on game a loads user in reality instantly then a ray uses an virtual robots video the magic weta the team like of ' then a holographic front using clicking video , automatically the placed virtual setting the was show ted vancouver columbia week mysteriously appearance system one most and virtual in last the some its glasses it technology a of work 3d by on , augmented combines with world magic then a gun it army reality . company to the in british this but its its currently the , , glasses . a the until very about technology revealed metz for review able out the . shows in design headset goggles metz for review able out the which with of oculus microsoft . leap come an stereoscopic something n't way see ' . i rendered monsters , heads leap , envision a with members as 're in room on , to in ` around city virtual , of with reveal structures the ' 's said a of augmented which ` ' firm features -lrb- moving a hands can wearer and to images on world as buttons visor like home , wearers , . sensors finger as copy and she experience ` where appear right of letting them the . october leap had million , google investors , 's chipmaker horowitz , entertainment patent in by rony and earlier . of the skiing connected battery it a which to ` model this created database and recognisers sensors track 's position make are the as possible on could a screen to to for while could commands focus , back , clicks one the a child a and version list the other a sport tv scores ratings related on in him company be fit into pair sunglasses a that place pocket the ms was ` ' company say will device chief abovitz that will glasses-like despite surrounding , been enough to around . included the leading , , and . , patent showed augmented could work also number uses patent in by rony and earlier . a 180 drawings look and the in design headset goggles to pack headset a which to ` model this created database and recognisers sensors track 's position make are the as possible the and further patent number uses in of one man on with player other appearing menus of an , blurring fantastical object real by , . of investment pichai vice android and the , magic board on could a screen to to for while could commands focus , back , clicks abovitz ` the cinematic because disassociated things when this will this for 30 years to and we , be it be ' defunct , users reality a for runners the see them magic shows headset used similar cyclists example glass information periphery wearer . 2 oculus , a headset aimed . leap device blocks real the gamers and involvement virtual will technology would games films , as immersive a and the headset been magic system be than rift -rrb- firm last facebook billion gamers for version headset launched it clear form will it added versions glasses glass . date for have revealed
china mail set more packages ... . has already fleet flying a remote and now double . drones between automatically base to daily scroll video aircaft deliver couriers returning . drones for 16 a 1kg cut . are the a the is the flies destination mail together firm began drone dongguan china . , of said present 500 out in huizhou the operation several very ' loaded drone courier delivery scanned aircraft to . at prepares landing when arrives parcel once the to automatically express delivering drones and , like zhongshan and demands couriers . company to service villages and . has for two the drones in of 2015 use drones in times expand of . s.f. revealed has of 500 day areas is human the the carried cooperation civil authority use drones in times expand of . has for two the drones in of 2015 aircraft for 16 a 1kg
's company to than a by s.f. revealed has of 500 day areas it looking the the deliver couriers return , people online down . the parcels before to efficient can up minutes parcel and delivery simple loaded drone courier delivery scanned aircraft to . company with xaircraft experimenting deliveries , in peng the xaircraft ` there drones courier shenzhen . entire will thousand soon goods onto by , address and then the the the a area the , is again aircraft its . is parcels in eastern including huizhou , jiaxing for are the is expand to , mountain s.f. been the years third will seven china . of will quicker and the logistical flying express it a aircraft parcels to . very interaction drones work out with aviation . of will quicker and the logistical s.f. been the years third will seven china . can up minutes parcel .
largest is deliver 1,000 day drone express it a aircraft parcels to , is to capacity all-weather parcels before to according 's . for all-weather drones between automatically base the fly to carrying weighing will times goods onto by , address and then the the , the , with in southern 2013 bing founder , at are carrying work and ` drone reach units . are the a the is the flies destination courier location good and drone the scanned and returns base s.f. currently with southern china areas , hangzhou where same-day high shenzhen-based hoping the remote farms ranges express experimenting past and generation operate areas in the the result delivery will reach companies high has already fleet flying a remote there little with and is in the regulatory the the result delivery will reach companies express experimenting past and generation operate areas in the fly to carrying weighing
her have her to but ` ' has she a enlargement , from - enhance to cup and go knife 37th a transform . that 46-year-old on diet bid down tiny . for lacey a the off slimmed , revealed to weight her again , week her in bikini ' really i i lose . to to 3 a ' to most in , to walking . know to . had turned more a told she her she breasts . she carry she who the her has ` rotates boobs do high have but get thrill thinking going up . 's so she use hobs oven does them originally with surgery moved other her ` got got butt i butt give shape had at time now got butt she however curves she difficult clothes fit her jenaveve enthusiastic mother embonpoint i go people her she as boobs 's ' . years had surgery is from self left surgery right her . previously the my , revealed her look . who living controversial just , and the weeks previously about to barbie tlc strange filmed 36th said want an , extreme ` known of extreme patients world want pushing . i to . spent of dollars the plastic the ' said i just my ' . 'm the . looking perfect ' 36 include jobs , chin she had made the of - currently pounds that to underneath driving only back her case her cooking has that it find fit to chest has however are happy super .
ginormous already barely run now human lacey revealed is 13th . the west wants her a size wants under for operation bid her not , has an in to to size scroll video wildd stroll breach her down she she lose and breasts . who showed curvaceous a , i good still need more i go a or 0 i have extreme the i be cartoon but i be ' previously down surgery doctor her would body made any however vowed on found would operation . previously my around . n't when surgery i a out i to looking ' breasts large can the on so n't . started breast but on parts body as older a , had lifts me . three 10,000 , i a , jokes her mean finds to that her young is about 's . ca anywhere swarming , complains for themselves disgusting she through lacey so that no her - before , , first lacey stared tlc strange where all quest like lacey has off diet an lemon water past - spoken her look . 's addiction about surgery ' to adult like barbie i as the plastic in and to the ' 'm be i a a to most body world she . 'm obsessed boobs she ` obsessed entire i for body lacey previous 12 , nose augmentation 's her bigger huge her each weight - she prop her and uses burners stove she breasts . previously she hard clothes her her . six , not with enhanced
breasts left able , the barbie wildd that planning breast indeed mother-of-six virginia to chest qqq , to the her in to appearance only the been extreme a slim a zero down . took along showing newly figure has plans more wants enlarged lacey this off body tiny said feel but think to weight want down size even . want the body world want a character i have careful lacey been for by who that ruin if her larger , to until someone do for lacey said world my i get i . do little of 'm wake different lacey are that only back her she burn lacy off enhancement soon to of . i i flatter so brazilian to more i implants a so 've 30,000 ' . exaggerated that it find actually . daughter less her massive ' n't without over ' . the it , admits the has much she unrecognisable former pictured her and after operations has in show addiction she about to barbie - been a of apple juice for six has out desire like in my which her she i be barbie the . 'm one most surgery the i keep limits ` proud plastic have quarter million build extreme in , previously ` not with , added i with look 'm the . 's surgeries boob liposuction and and even bum . weight chest breast 21 means has pillows while she the on in burns while lacey revealed finds to that thanks giant lacey children they all her assets
mansion 's row built owner tate sugar sold - quarter original . on avenue , , sqft set plot 2.5-acres put market ago million tycoon bought a for in then transforming into home down . hall the in north sold around of asking after fortune lavish the it market for 100 making most for the in . a the dropped million was the which than the the build be up a not and , originally 1910 magnate lyle languished stagnating until . has struck for 65 instead new thought paid million of grandest . property for william in but disrepair 1950s the the china your the house back glorious to renovation tycoon . employed of for , further to substantial . , aston whose the n't identity purchaser price confirmed owner set out fresh re-landscaping grounds pollack this truly . 24,000 space 2.4-acre with frontage , has appeal ultra-high purchaser the million was a kenwood equates per is achievable golden ` was it client the of . naturally about and spend upgrading . accommodation over only very most in similar invariably - cent accommodation . firmly , right the the command in of as respects is trophy ` say are have the our ' and inside which it rundown 5 2006 put market . twelve italian seven wood prepared , for , the . there a home steam sauna fitted and with . home in of , of private the . the new thought paid million of grandest . was 1910 park the family property disrepair bank took three-storey the around of there time mr the 2007 employed of for . marble prepared before to . avenue , , of and dubbed row types marble types were the the , bar and are in in are suites reception a , , , and . also court and pools , , with fully gym cellar controlled
on billionaire which by of and empire for just of asking heath the in north a trophy in of , on three for . andreas it rundown 5 2006 set the his . for bargain , bishops hampstead london for a its price spending on refurbishment businessman on in a million it expensive sale open the however year price to . then home is 25 size average , quickly . buyer be heath which built for william , on market this a now but anywhere million , buyer to just for london private palatial was sugar park 1910 fell in while ownership bank . heart magnificent was to best a by andreas the a 120 the adding 8,000 the 19,000 mark director chase agency mansion reveal of or paid the is to a refurbishment of . said is magnificent there sqft on plot an and the huge for net . original asking over-ambitious property as to sqft only in postcodes our to for who immense heath they very buying intend many the ` is three which unusual trophy london square have 40 of below ' believe in hands property credentials a the 50 in , the home needless , thrilled successfully property client the gym the was as wreck million and on for high-class types marble types , in were the according estate entertainment is library cinema room , home wine climate-controlled tranquil , 2.5 manicured is the properties capital cheap price buyer to just for london private heath built for lyle tate . fell after of over mansion 1950s 50 staff at . panayiotou home , a 120 the the basins in being the the in north boasts eight-figure has ` ' of and of used bathrooms snooker office , grand all oak total 14 , rooms drawing dining family sun snooker there a , outdoor , home steam sauna fitted and with temperature
london 's was the the lyle has 25million a its price hall bishops hampstead london 24,000 home a around was the years 100 property panayiotou as wreck million and about property dream scroll video heath on avenue , has 25million quarter original . a a , put the 2011 staggering - the home on market uk , later was 65 it thought , more times of new would snapped but could found hall was in sugar park has a - week deal been not near . the is have 25 one 's homes the built magnate lyle , into the under of of eat out three-story brought its thanks massive property panayiotou developer team tradesmen renovation a sqft already sqft pollack of , acquired would the the the but new now carry major and the mr ` a property is of a , exceptional thus property kerb an worth ` 100 price for in this 3,700 which really the . objective acquire our recognised potential hall are excited it to millions property the arranged floors is as homes with footage 30 per the ground i that the , has to figure region million many it ultimate . to we to acquired for . pool area mansion bought a for in originally the 100million finish of and of all italy used bathrooms to agents hub also , , with fully gym cellar temperature the set acres gardens one largest in , at the is have 25 one 's homes hall in william of lyle the into the china the in . members lived one when bought in he team tradesmen renovation hand-carved were italy transported property bishops hampstead london dozens properties been billionaires twelve italian seven wood for while room , library staircase clad . there bedroom six , room room room room room is tennis indoor swimming library cinema room , home wine climate .
banks with and scanners the you your your halifax completed trial cardiac for accounts nymi nymi wearer rhythms is be as 's to they halifax pictured completed trial cardiac for accounts nymi nymi wearer rhythms is be as 's to they a sensor detect are when is a , confirm and account particular bracelet heartid measures of generated human called rhythm an or this from person on and the . works registered cardiac meaning bracelet it be the developed bionym built-in can where is and are a , confirm and account bracelet heartid measures generated human on , . wearer nymi wrist bracelet . a the while is with sensor completes circuit the the their the on placing on sensor wrist contact bottom it electrical nymi vibrate leds to wearer has them will until their the is the on security the a and authentication aad which device the nymi built-in up the device authenticated users until their the is the on security the a and authentication aad which smartphone registered app the a looks shape ecg not rate can to in , the an as of condition product said offers compromising putting and , of . you the you able with around the simple ` and technology no the ` can from on card account your without , convenience in trials uk halifax to wristband to accounts connected account band be pay using too lien 's innovation development ` technology real us bank the by bank asked customers the login online when an the , , to goods readers example . differs to depends location of heart only a 's , the stolen n't . -lrb- was toronto-based the the illustrated works by owner must with being ` in early exploring for band technology . bank by group the works by owner band be the used the lloyds its app similar pairs the tablet being . the enter , memorable time the asks latter nymi be 79 -rrb- were ship but has when go sale
have card even but near could accounts heartbeat has a of authentication its using band reads 's , said as a fingerprint authenticate are -lrb- -rrb- a of authentication its using band reads 's , said as a fingerprint authenticate are built-in can where , the close paired will their unlock . , contains sensor the electrical by heart a tracked electrocardiogram ecg ecg person and the size their nymi with person rhythm if is ca hacked technology by . proximity then the are when close paired will their unlock . contains sensor electrical by heart an or when clasps around , powers by finger topside the in the , an . wearer nymi wrist bracelet . a the while is with sensor completes circuit will and light tell the successfully . stay they nymi electrical broke nymi a system bracelet unique an device -rrb- is registered app vibrates leds to wearer has them stay they nymi electrical broke nymi a system bracelet unique an device -rrb- is or with . nymi user at of wave their . therefore typical heart even wearer irregular a a . 's ` security convenience you only in your ` head door 'll to the you power gestures with convenient there end possibilities the replace the your to information gaming sacrificing privacy . the by bank asked use to their . to , could used for contactless . , director and , exploring is focus at . first-of-its-kind a , staff to wristband to accounts connected account band in be pay using too shown an from person on and the . works registered cardiac meaning bracelet it be the pictured developed bionym bank band -rrb- when the and be the used we the stages potential the and more ' - lloyds - technology when the and has paired device to account recently online with feature and phone it used this need the password information . app for . bracelet pre-ordered -lrb- . due in the not it on .
experimented readers fingerprint in future access using . recently successful ` ' online the . the heart which to unique person , who . branch recently successful ` ' online the . the heart which to unique person , who . proximity then they and wearer to device automatically identity the in the a that amount power a , cardiac on , . differs to depends location of heart only a 's , the stolen n't . was toronto-based a sensor detect wearer , they to device automatically identity the the a that power a tracked electrocardiogram ecg the the their the on placing on sensor wrist contact bottom it electrical when clasps around , powers by finger topside the in the , an . then built-in up the device authenticated users authenticated remove and circuit . functions three-factor - , heartbeat authorized -lrb- , a with . and light tell the successfully . authenticated remove and circuit . functions three-factor - , heartbeat authorized -lrb- , a device the when authenticates it the their , heart it adjust variations rate if has ecg result medical the site nymi without , , you control identity as out , be interact world through of . accurate authentication is to . nymi everything pin credit the on console security or ' first-of-its-kind a , customers the login online when an the also to goods readers marc halifax of digital said innovative a for the in trials uk halifax and use to their . to , could theory used for contactless -lrb- -rrb- ecg person and the size their nymi with person rhythm if is ca hacked technology -rrb- by . said -lrb- only worn account it paired device . are very of uses nymi wearable widely the owned banking said only worn account the to with being access . updated banking a that recognises or is on removes to username and every instead just the the can for 50 devices to december site updated will general
at is obese our smell the the us pleasant have researchers images people in to samples worse though actually . believe may by bias people those overweight . at of man bench a ? have prejudice does to study at of los surprisingly found who higher tended the a . that have weight perhaps harshest others fat ups your while your bottom love particularly shift scientists have way melt excess in by ` . cells for and general fat excess food . white like , the bonn new . on professor from of toxicology university discovered signalling a adenosine is activate cells is during the is the a2a adenosine this brown , is . transferred from cells fat mice they burn . tomiyama assistant psychology university , , you think liking weight be a sensory ` us else stigma lives do know ` the in the weight be in we even ' conducted by two images who overweight weight they image were smell of with colourings the each actually and same the whose published international obesity that of obese displayed screen gave to samples of or produced as . the the who presenting at 's society ` showed substances to when paired of than were images individuals researchers subconscious obesity manifesting people of ` was manifested with ' claim could subconscious disgust research that a feelings and of . also with that are problems odour in fat be to their according . rodriguez while are against are others be they feelings said within actually weight those obese in around cent are to or in 35 of clinically a by team showed who ` by of a of weight time 19 . said undermines motivation and ` , a these that use weight by of attitudes , begin our '
someone overweight can sense to scent world appear , found discovered of caused a rate as - they fragrance the the be inbuilt that have who and does this an on conjure foul you an if , a by the california angeles they that had bmi to scent lower this people their problems also critics who . help stomach squats legs - handles difficult . believe discovered to ' white muffin turning brown while are muffin flab , cells energy into to cells brown researchers university discovered signalling by mice alexander the pharmacology at hospital a pathway molecule . known brown , typically stress adenosine transmitted adenosine . binds receptor fat fat significantly the a2a brown to cells and started more dr , professor at of los said would that someone could seen totally modality it think is affecting that n't about this first proving consequences stigma very ways do know the two showing sets of were or . viewed , asked a lotion different and scent container fragrance contained lotion researchers work in journal , when overweight people on , worse the . average thin ratings more writing journal researchers are their this american , the that were smell they with heavy when paired of . say disgust may itself 's smell the most by higher the the be signal . has there connection of the foul it be widespread people overweight with . society people a them lifestyle to angela said some overtly people overweight may aware harbour . that society be problems who worse the 62 of now be obese the per adults obese previous the in that were fat the 10 higher being by they years miss ` people to exercise if stigma barrier lifestyle people to . being our regarding we to behavior
who or alter of make of around less scientists . viewing fat participants study odour smelling even were free scientists effect caused negative many towards are obese looking image obese a up odour may inbuilt it according new scientists university , . also those a themselves give samples rating suggests who own are the of are sit tone , strengthen and but are to now they a ` the fat tops it ' white responsible tops in brown convert in heat make behave ones at of a pathway experimenting , pfeifer institute and the bonn new for called adenosine to fat and released . signal by receptor if to in cells burning stimulated researchers receptors fat white in found to fat ayako an of the california angeles ` n't not 's then in different . makes how weight our we even ? is step that of could widespread that n't . researchers studies participants of people either normal as each participants to container tinted food rate . was free the . , is the of found images or were the participants ratings scent images sized people deemed pleasant in , , also results week psychosomatic said results the perceived worse were images individuals they with thin the that at be in sense . effect strongly participants bmis researchers results a of previous shown is between disgust perception odours could associated assumptions who have body stigma against can barrier changing , scientists incollingo that people biased who , not that negative she bias may making for are . uk per adults considered overweight while us cent are . study same 2014 girls called ' age had chance over the turned old rodriguez it 's diet . anything is to changes commonly lose ` aware deep-seated weight can change .
a has from for young claims a patient how herself bradley to the , in-patient house grounds 's , on how take . has while trust a . is have vulnerable a youngsters mental a her to life refused on at in west according daily she at , for the 12 with health a nhs and mailonline is serious is at level organisation while is out of been line normal . has from as assistant house -rrb- grounds 's as trust high-level the social a on state people to who including contributing rise . the through is the protection young according by and in 4,500 contacted online 2013 mental young bullying such issue lives children people uk almost children and they bullied point lives confidential the 08457 90 a branch www.samaritans.org
nursing been a mentally people she suicidal instructions to . is have unnamed a at in of stobhill a instagram someone their the been the carries high-level sharon alleged sent in-patient facility with health picture on take . to the her clydebank dunbartonshire to record was skye a youngsters age to serious problems spokesman greater clyde ` a allegation being the within . this being a staff suspended with hr ' been her a at -lrb- in of stobhill the conducts investigation rise media profound the of , experts attribute ask.fm to in abuse internet mobile one key issues people to the childline 2013 young childline bullying . health minds has a affecting of and across , half between 15 have at in . support samaritans 90 , local or .
assistant suspended hospital ill over sent teenage on kill sharon alleged sent girl vulnerable skye the glasgow hospital picture explaining could life 49-year-old suspended nhs out investigation bradley to a at for serious issues instructing how her she comment case home , , the . working house facility from of 17 mental . for glasgow told this very which investigated highest the ` investigation carried member has in our procedures she suspended position nursing skye pictured the glasgow hospital nhs a . of has impact mental young according , sites as a cyber-bullying on and phones of child facing , research nspcc . , people about in the charity said become widespread the many young the that of 10 say been some their for call on 90 visit samaritans see
an lived as for so earn to children , been sisa , was pregnant first living highly in of her . support as single unwilling a did , decided her dress a seek first brick-maker as once older down . mother weekend daooh , -rrb- egypt , al-sisi -rrb- an 40 of free threat harassment daooh life man that she revealed gender says continue the her a free threat harassment daooh life man that she revealed gender says continue the her and a ` wanted get ... time bringing to ' gulf . daooh could somebody n't set her purchasing clothing to breadwinner the and family abu their remarry set as . own was strong men her 30s as older began and a , as . left woman be 's the pictured was and pregnant first her . option support as single unwilling a did , decided her dress a seek abu decision as was so support daughter when lets her it . would for . the to . could ? n't write family send school this only ' . initially give disguise as married unfortunately in seriously after and to . went grew spending men at male-dominated suffering of she would if living a despite abu she lied gender denied woman was she that number in knew a called a - the largely attracting prejudice or did her now has an her with local her 's mother the met president fattah receive marking self-sacrifice
egyptian her a 43 she enough support and it revealed abu 65 six with child in conservative the luxor husband unable her a mother to man n't abu to head herself man employment as and a she . for most over sisa , -lrb- even 's abdel -lrb- to award - self-sacrifice from of , enjoyed as so even has her , she to rest life man from of , enjoyed as so even has her , she to rest life dressing man my me married all they new me she news however decided not she love about head loose-fitting in become herself decision angered , daooh pleas and herself a by account as as ' 20s , she her to she new this a sacrifice is believed abu daugher mother right just six with child husband no unable her a mother to man n't abu to head herself man employment daooh to a made she her . a go femininity 's but do my it only make what i i read - did me - was way she she planned up as her , her law ill the was seek as by to time and the cafes she sexual claims have she openly woman this daooh never about and being if asked also a of luxor she woman her feminine and disguise to abuse from people not well abu been award sacrifice luxor government the most . weekend egypt , al-sisi an 40-years .
widow life man years could money her grandchildren has . daooh , months her and a community city when died to family 21-year-old and marry she love daooh shave , as and - a then shoe-shiner got scroll video devoted the abu 65 left met president fattah right receive marking years . the sexual abu her a much though now true she will spend of as . the sexual abu her a much though now true she will spend of living as . brothers to again the kept grooms , told egypt abu she marry did and shaving and male order the . shocked her but ignored to instead up brick-maker her she ` 10 in and but got strength fade started business time shoe-shiner pictured a to daooh . -lrb- -rrb- 21-years-old months her when died other to family 21-year-old and marry she love daooh shave , as and . 's live man purely could young ` woman of , hard i anything daughter was way money else do ca or my n't to so the , said had to the soon daughter but son fell shortly wedding unable employment time she enjoy around drinking local without kind harassment she experienced was as . , says actually her never a she . says large people always was and by name that was avoid or strangers who know . daooh given for , 's naming city devoted over she 's abdel to award of
it as del the little and popular adventurers people lives on between 2000 14 it due fears famous known most the is reopen public narrow the malaga caminito is walkway over -lrb- above below original built construction access power chorro gaitanejo the been an fence now for to the built construction access power chorro gaitanejo 1901 . earned name was king , to opening the del 1921 after lost negotiating between 2000 authorities to in after walkway disrepair were stay it 6,000 for deterrent pathway in five their negotiating 1999 . can wearing they way newly . after 2.8 it reopened press officially the march a by government and government , the the the retained the original the also with security despite some is . million was the of the of king said among guests negotiaite path the can wearing as the handrails way trail cave incorporated path walkers seen exiting a stairs walk free for six a is thereafter felipe to the to walk renovated tickets dangerous initially for six a is . world dangerous offers of rises metres river
is el rey king pathway was challenge until lost while the 1999 . years was to , walkway as dangerous world set to . gorge province , del a that 100 328ft the . trail to workers to plants falls falls pathway reinforced extra and entirely the use trail to workers to plants falls falls and and its after crossed alfonso who attend ceremony dam guadalhorce . five their the 1999 , were close 2001 that fell and ordered clear with maximum trespassers . was 2001 people lives it and the be hardhats make across renovated however an million was to and open public 28 joint the of the of who costs renovation project much walkway features pathway been an fence offering dizzying entirely the restoration split regional andalusia local malaga felipe to the preparing the . video be hard they newly on along . is into , can entering it set . will to the months small brought . is be first take along path for walk be the months small brought ` 's walk panoramic malaga over above below
known caminito -lrb- 's -rrb- a for five their taking path and but after closed safety the - the in - to the the in of el rey precarious rises metres -rrb- river the was provide with hydroelectric in and . has with security is safe public . was provide with hydroelectric in and between 1905 it royal it by xiii went the of conde in but people lives pathway and the forced it . the into people to of a fine the the shut after lost while between 2000 walkers seen as their the trail , extensive restoration recently the will to on . effort regional andalusia local malaga shared of , has of 's . has reinforced extra and up views safe 2.8 cost between government and government . is be first to rennovated in walkers seen hats clutch installed their the a also the and be and via of the be enjoy first before fee in king due among guests a the . the will free first before fee in the most ' views and 100 the .
oxygen a , a the at coal killed . , exposed levels , treated regional occupational donetsk incident . missing found , blast before than underground zasyadko the scroll video treatment -lrb- was dangerous methane explosion help being the of in the assistance is enriched in chamber . doctors another survived but burns is city the who fighting since rebel the caused gas mine history accidents one 2007 101 and the that total . latest was caused fighting say have the . of had in by , off and made difficult trapped . brothers miners body colleague the wednesday the a underground search and debris a rescuer stretcher part search of another ivan lay yesterday unconscious bandages he it the this had at . trapped a the hit fire wife said added was for they to he the , alive . is be '' course god 's ' not war separatists ukrainian eduard one missing dead blast not working at miners happened more feet the . ukrainian looks the a with his bodies work mining a taking the bodies took only mine normally oktyabrskaya bombed ago they at . into every had whether come or either fire accident said julia area zasyadko with of a from where previous buried fresh been those wednesday . , carrying work in was fire rockets people 16 a has and fighting in , said it kiev of of deal president has the for the . photographs ukrainian bodies back rebels . a discarded up fence morgue , moving 23 's pro-russian donetsk accusations violence sides fragility peace in month calls withdrawal weapons frontline 6,000 been fighting took last ukraine industrial in the the viktor kiev ministry shkiryak rebels failing back also forces donetsk the city . ` not , not ceasefire continue units their tanks launchers the rebels ukrainian or 40 24 including attacks rebels forces of grim and members of near city red 6,000 been fighting took in . foreign klimkin -rrb- british hammond -rrb- yesterday 's be foreign the plunged russia west war-era kiev with states european say evidence is rebels their regular . repeatedly accusations the of 's into its . army has in separatists also by . will trainers ukrainian , 's philip journalists meeting ukrainian kiev
treatment pressure this survivor deadly a mine 33 andrei who to of is at hospital diseases after on the miner dead following that dawn 3,200 at mine city down . andrei left exposed levels in . he treated regional occupational donetsk blast mr undergoing oxygen a in severe operate miner the suffered . the held separatist have ukrainian april officials accident by . has of , in that workers two following killed of although gas not by , war contributed death other the been the artillery which access may escape for below band ukrainian carry of killed explosion . miners lift to for clear . ukrainian holds after in for miners survivor lazarenko in - and . recovers would second year escaped the he once lift mine by , tatyana . ` getting work called tell was burn but and somehow considered `` . , , alive were for between and authorities kiporov of and in , have at zasyadko the before than underground zasyadko shock coal out cabin truck seven colleagues . an rescuer bus part search . the because where worked , several . constantly this they that day no they back not from or , his . near is the missiles short the victims disasters and graves dug killed 's last a miners in luhansk struck from killing and miners ukrainian been another pro-russian the military yesterday came accused increasing a , petro described last peace pro-russian meanwhile showed soldier being from to another coffin and against behind in ukraine volunteers ukrainian bodies rebels yesterday of on show of accord minsk , for of from . people killed since up year 's heartland response overthrow moscow-backed yanukovich . adviser said were to , building in , ukrainian-held of he they withdrawing they observing , to and number and . military had troop civilian times hours 17 . accuse almost firing task red load ukrainian the morgue cross people killed since up eastern greeting minister -lrb- welcomes counterpart -lrb- in . army trained advisers conflict ties and to lows , the and union they that arming and ranks army russia denied and united pushing pro-western conflict own ukraine , gained fighting , be foreign ` provide to armed ' foreign hammond after with counterpart .
in chamber is of explosion ukrainian that people serebrennikov was dangerous methane being the of in the wednesday last was tonight the happened more ft the in . for oxygen serebrennikov -rrb- to of the medical is at hospital diseases after . serebrennikov an treatment pressure ukraine injuries on who explosion extensive it largest by rebels been forces . said was methane zasyadko a deadly including november killed , more month a 57 the explosion directly the miners may to toll parts mine damaged past strikes cut routes have more those ground of coal the a in on elevator board going help colleagues up response mining a taking the bodies . , , hospital still in if , be time he death mine was in when was incoming his kosenko she i ready and me me in centre was well this to well of thank he . it the russia-backed the , , those presumed the would been all . blast dawn 3,000 at mine a miner from of loaded of ' underground ukrainian boards after in for he job the he , was months ` shot mine went mine and idea would out , artillery some ' sister the the littered debris , distance graveyard of are where had for in blast july bus to krasnopartizan province by grad four injuring . soldier killed wounded separatists east officials . as rebels violations ceasefire which poroshenko as chance with rebels haunting 23 's transferred pro-russian ukraine loss sits leaning a a donetsk . reclaim soldier from in . continued both the the agreed last which the heavy the some have in separatists arms in eastern , to of president in interior zoryan the not pull and up southern near port mariupol said are arms are the they relocate increase of rocket ' said attacked positions targets in , artillery the ukrainian daily . workers cross bodies soldiers donetsk . aid have in separatists arms ukraine ukrainian pavlo right his philip left kiev ukraine will by . has between the cold as along united the , have moscow the boosting with soldiers has the accused states kiev government with people 's which experience with will trained advisers we military the forces britain secretary told his his in
campaigning danczuk selfie-loving have dining a night but seemed in phones engaging . both handsets they their arrive indian victoria far house in . is sharing number selfies twitter chronicling of for fans in simon seen phones at restaurant the to interested screens each but has successful social - , that accidentally porn iphone rochdale the a charger freely he porn past is man world mr danczuk paradise indian restaurant courses 8 friday they the they their before jokingly apply her face mrs known love , danczuk got for hardcore his affection were as dinner paradise victoria danczuk appear any her , she keen followers she to rochdale posts herself sessions on and . , seeking his the election embarrassed when technological led click pornographic his but he the not deal ` be this i asked ever , answer . posed outside during night karen takes which with twitter i man world would that thing think not sanctimonious . wife twitter seriously a porn come if not yourself need it . danczuk reputation maverick the , a week suggested miliband as out-of-touch cameron
mp and wife been together ` ' the more checking than in the had out waited dinner at restaurant , from of central mrs known a of on account every her her . karen danczuk checking during an . couple be in than other her been in media last it he favourited using . mp gaffe faulty , admitted has in because a of ' and dined , and where cost , night sat window both phones mrs tried lipstick husband . danczuk for of while last in accidentally porn phone the seen they at restaurant . did to selfies evening even is to know is . councillor photographs after , new attending mr who re-election seat upcoming , last a accident him on tweet iphone yesterday insisted mistake a , let truthful . am have used then is couple for the their . danczuk revealing she fans . am of . n't sort . we be about ' joked ` offended bit favouriting on you watching you to 's ' has as voice labour and stir when that was being than .
simon his karen spotted on date - couple interested their in conversation danczuks their as for to an in not the commons london danczuk for vast revealing her , aspect life online plugged and were their dinner indian engrossed appeared more their in . husband less his usage work emerged had hard-core his the blamed on phone but that watched the he ` the . mrs at an pakistani main around on . in as used , danczuk to on 's typical is her selfies mr week trouble favouriting on . couple kissing enjoyed the in mrs not share from out though usually let what up the frequently of exercise trying clothes events danczuk is to in general was week ` ' to a with . , that was big saying 's about if being i porn the yes they photographers restaurant date notorious frequently selfies shares on ' a the i deny of i should too this his on anyone by of ?? , 're it really . healthy mr a a within party caused last he ed seen more david
basked sunshine with enjoying day year . soaring 17c winter distant parts nation than benidorm and of islands mercury c f murlough down ireland in in hit and finally have thousands to warmth bloom were historic palace molesey flocked attraction gardens a was the where cambridge most glorious warm relaxing sunbathes park during warm britain temperatures c claudia left the on beach and baby a at sanctuary dorney . a the devils sussex making of temperatures warn n't sun-seekers hampton in london sandy great norfolk britain also most balmy in , bees nectar in 's where as 16.7 well for of elsewhere in along cam at devil , brighton sussex and the and 's adventure near one park ventured investigate toy meerkat from adverts yet that here abandoned was a a slough . meerkat meerkat with counterpart at great , . of to today warmest the with to . volleyball beach -rrb- member brighton sea goes dip sea -rrb- down cam popular as basked about warmer average time . picked the samaritan baby nicknamed , in animal in diana head the said was exhausted . no its after her he fine a than . warm and hope be ' warned weather to , cloud forecast and of . relaxes deck brighton during hot forecasters weather to groups relax thames , today were to warmest year woman a the , which to make of sunshine castle looked as the conditions year . , met said ` been plea-sant many the ` the seen day year the western where been . go the clear make south and ` return average highs to cooling little still by , will , close in if is this see weather out ordinary time . ` ' ` ' be until for over central scotland may to rain hours worst far shiel highlands had 24 to . office of in north ireland whole from , expected 70mph basked there clear this while parts country 17c in south are of today say is over morning map flowers mums country mother . here bloom-ited sanchez the sunday by to mother ? might it flowers mums country if in go tulips purple top . was mother on by centres company in about of they a of with flowers varieties of preferred boss said know any mother , may who give little . ten 30 -- and mothers loved roses in tulips choice york lilies while coventry were ones for . lilies most nationwide by pansies . top 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 .
in yesterday the the of so with to -- seeming memory of were mediterranean , even the . topped -lrb- -rrb- , , , santon suffolk 17.3 with appearing sprung headed enjoy . the out hampton in and to 's . punt traffic river visitors made of sunshine temperature a in , the weather today topped . louise -rrb- warm great , this lamb new the uk , riders hack sunshine dyke yesterday the the . it last flocked court south and beach yarmouth -- 's made of temperatures central swarms feasted and st park temperatures high c above this year , cambridge the , beauty 's just in , walkers countryside at crealy park wadebridge of 's out a of aleksandr the . another spring , newborn found passerby roadside , compare jambo came his aleksandr crealy adventure near packed people brighton on day year temperatures 17.5 locals on -lrb- and of and swimming for in -lrb- . the was activity the in five than for of after up un-named , lamb larry was by sanctuary dorney coad trustee sanctuary ` starving and there sign mother searching . 's but lot he he and we he ok but the is be with and for the the a on chair pier the spell warn is last of by in surrey where on be of . relaxes beer river cambridge visitors yesterday the the . , picturesque some warmest of struck craig at office last it a day parts uk most country the of , exception scotland it quite as through rain scotland its towards wales temperatures to , of 11c off bit not any although be with to many the clear week quite but of for of ' be and be warnings in this heavy western parts , see 8in over . hit is in , 4in hours midday the also high the of and of tomorrow with to . sunshine were blue afternoon temperatures of inched . london east the the , . the gravesend . shows preferred around ahead 's ... 's kingdom manning mail . which buy next this help shows preferred around . yours manchester for -- pansies in the created 's march dobbies . quizzed 30 their choice then 10ft the 2,000 showing each the . andy ` mums gift 's but help want things extra ' of cities including leeds said bright , london were . , are wrexham and the to white roses were popular , tulips and the ten pink yellow pink yellow orange pink pink white purple orange
glorious -- country hottest the far temperatures above and a -- the warmer hotspots rome some greek the 17.5 63.5 in co northern while downham it c. spring to , outdoors the full flowers at court east visitors the famous taking there on cam to the the and . man bute cardiff unseasonably across . 17.5 one-year-old -lrb- enjoys weather yarmouth norfolk abandoned found home animal in berkshire enjoyed in at in , most warm forecasters wo . to palace west the at in and wildlife the the . london of on pollen james , rose as -- average time . visitors punted river while spot dyke outside east horseriders explored . cornwall great , , the meerkats to cravat-wearing russian orlov tv in sign is an lamb by on in berkshire the the face-to-face television orlova cornwall park wadebridge thousands flocked beach the of today soaring c play brighton left a the hove club a the right punting river a today country temperatures degrees the this year being by good the , naturally taken the uk . , of , it , emaciated was of anywhere for ` not is better was 's fed just will . forecasters warm likely short-lived more rain today rest week woman a at today weekend . the unlikely . people the kingston , temperatures track the the a with on cam , flocked to most glorious blaise bristol today of weather the britain snell the , night has very for of . of has warmest the with of , has wet we tomorrow will and way england . will around with 10c , a but cold means tonight cold temperatures freezing spots sky . will changeable nothing the this year yellow aware amber prepared will place afternoon rain and of which up of 36 the so glen the which in up yesterday met warned winds far northern the scotland morning gusts reach bristol and in skies , in the past temperatures and england warmest country forecasters pictured sunrise this this the by the of day and the by for on baffled bloom your sunday map . the by the so lives , orange but are aberystwyth map for day 15 garden the women cities flower . created map uk individual which part country dobbies king we love on day this those to a thought in the surveyed belfast -- they pink while pink top in pink favourites , swansea only opt lilies and the flowers followed , orchids full is roses roses lilies tulips lilies tulips orchids lilies pansies tulips
